Stocks are going to continue to go
higher.
>> Do you want to be in this market? Do you
want to be writing this? Yes.
>> This is still a market with a lot of
cash on the sideline.
>> We're doing our best to enjoy the sort
of nirvana that markets are benefiting.
>> There is a lot of optimism built into
the market which does create
vulnerability. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Thursday, looking for a boost from
Beijing. The US reportedly clearing some
Nvidia chip sales to 10 firms in China
as AI chip maker Cerebrus is gearing up
for the biggest IPO of the year. Cisco
is knocking it out of the park,
delivering a better than expected
forecast. Cisco surging in the
pre-market.
>> I feel like right now AI is the
equivalent of blockchain a number of
years ago when Overstock came out and
said that they were going to be really
now a blockchain company, not a
furniture company, and their stocks just
absolutely surged. Cisco came out and
yes, they did deliver solid earnings,
but they said that they booked $9
billion of orders versus the previous
five billion expected for the full year
coming from AI hyperscalers. This idea
that they are providing the systems, the
networks for some of the hyperscalers
that alone is giving a massive boost to
a name that is reminiscent and has the
history in the com.
>> You want to talk about the vibes? All
the vibes in 99 Cisco crushing it.
>> Correct.
>> Big IPO coming up a little bit later.
Had a marketed range. Blasted through
that marketed range and looking for a
big move later this morning.
>> Yeah. Cerebrris initially was being
marketed around $140 to $150 a share.
Came out at $185 a share. the uh market
capitalization is something closer to 40
to $49 billion depending on how you
account for this. I keep going back to
the idea of a unicorn being a billion
dollars. If something comes in as a
billion dollars, that's a discount. It's
a joke. It's essentially a penny stock.
This just gives you a sense of how much
our benchmark has changed.
>> Let's talk about Nvidia, a multi-
trillion dollar company in the
pre-market up by a few percentage
points. This from Reuters this morning,
reporting that the US has cleared Nvidia
to sell the H200 chips to 10 Chinese
firms. What we don't know is whether
China will let them in. So this is only
one half of the story and given they're
in China right now, let's see if we get
the other 50% of the story a little bit
later this week.
>> There is this issue of what has actually
changed because supposedly these chips
were for sale then China wasn't buying
then maybe they weren't for sale and
were blocked. The idea that every time
the story comes back Nvidia notches
another 2 3% gain gives you a sense of
people's sentiment right now.
Nonetheless, there is an expectation
that something will come out of this
that tech will come to the front
forefront that potentially there is an
easing in tensions around the oil
picture at least rhetorically. The big
question mark is still Taiwan and that
actually really is people's concern.
>> Nvidia up in a pre-market by 2% and
Marie on the ground in Beijing. We'll
catch up with Amarie a little bit later
for Shei for President Xi. This stood
out for me. The doors to China for the
outside world will only open wider. That
felt to me like the issue of 10 years
ago, 15 years ago. The issue of today is
whether others will open the door to
China. That's how things have changed in
the last few years. The push back from
everybody else
>> because they've been cannibalizing the
industries from Europe, from the United
States. And people are saying that your
policy of over supply just isn't going
to work for us based on lowering prices
and putting people out of jobs
domestically. What's interesting this
time around is that the uh Chinese ren
minim is on the longest winning streak
versus the dollar going back to 2017. We
have seen a real strengthening when you
take a look the strongest versus the
dollar since 2023. This isn't just lip
service. This seems to be on a financial
uh level as well. That is sending a
signal that they want to be a world
leader that they want to be more of a
reserve currency. That's sending bigger
signals than some of the rhetoric ones.
>> Should we talk about the bond market and
a signal from fixed income 210 30s?
Let's look at the long end of the curve.
30s this morning, 5%. And something
interesting happened at a 30-year
auction yesterday that hasn't happened
for almost 20 years. If you bought into
that auction, you got a five handle, a
5% coupon,
>> which is the first time you've seen that
level being sold on a 30-year bond going
back to 2007. This highlights uh the
fact that people are looking at a new
regime. It also highlights the fact that
it isn't enough to really bring bring
people in in a rip roaring way because
it wasn't a rip roaring auction. It was
tepid sort of the envy. I'm sure the US
government has a lot of envy for the
likes of Alphabet that seems to be
selling debt anywhere and anyhow uh with
very low rates. Torsson put out a note
this morning. I thought it was
interesting. Higher for longer
continues. He said the parallels with
the energy shocks of the 1970s are
worrying. The last mile in fighting
inflation is a marathon rather than a
sprint. saying that given this and
ongoing fiscal challenges, it seems like
yields are going to be higher for
longer.
>> Best of luck, Kevin Walsh. More on the
incoming Fed chair a little bit later in
the program. Yields this morning on 30s
just about unchanged of 5.0 3%. Coming
up this hour, we'll catch up with Judian
Emanuel of Everor as big tech looks to
extend a record rally. Pier Farugu of
New Street Research as top US CEOs chase
deals in China and Eric Nelson of Wells
Fargo as markets brace for a washled
Fed. We begin this hour with stocks
adding to all-time highs. Julian Emanuel
of Evercore writing, "It is very clear
that the investing public's love affair
with tech stocks is in full bloom,
driven by exceptional earnings and
reasonable valuations." Julian joins us
now for more. Julian, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Let's talk about the 99 vibes. The 99
vibes are one thing, but when you write
that last line there about valuations
and earnings, how different is this
moment to then?
>> Well, th that's the biggest contrast.
Okay, because back then everything was a
much more speculative in terms of the
valuations and and look if we go back to
the benchmark of the last 3 years stocks
are higher valuation wise. Uh but the
thing about the last number of months
particularly in the NASDAQ is the
earning strength has been so intense
that valuations have actually started
catching up uh to earnings. And so for
us what's really happened and also in
consideration of the fact at the end of
last year there was a decided dislike of
of technology which really pivoted at
the March 30th low but in a lot of ways
tech has become value.
>> There was the itch to rotate the itch to
rotate and now the big complaint is the
breath is bad. The breath is terrible.
Can you see a picture ahead of you where
this resolves bullishly?
Well, look, so and and the contrary to
that was if you go back to the beginning
of the year, there was a belief that the
halo trade would be enough to take the
indices higher without tech
participating. That was debunked. The
math tells you that at 55%, you know,
tech and NAI exposure in the index, you
need that. Uh and so there certainly is
a case for medium-term bullishness. But
again, like everything else, this too
shall pass. We just don't think you're
you're anywhere near that time yet.
>> To build on what John is talking about,
do you need to start seeing the return
on investment in a material way in the
non- tech names in order to keep this
going? You have to see some sort of uh
revenue prospect from this in order for
people to keep buying at these levels.
No,
>> you do. Um but again going back to e
even if you separate the issue of AI
from the rest of corporate America
margin management continues to be
incredibly robust sales volume is
incredibly robust and it's not just
inflation it's real true demand and yes
you can sort of tie it all back to AI
but we've had other periods in time
where technology has been a driver of
the economy. And again, it doesn't
always end badly.
>> Margin management, nice way of saying
they're still raking into cash. They're
still able to pass along those price
increases to consumers, which is a huge
problem. We see what PPI did yesterday
and what CPI did the day before. At what
point do you have to start getting
really concerned about inflation
remaining in kind of 1970s like
patterns, which is what Torsson was
pointing to this morning?
>> Right. Well, I I think we have to
acknowledge something here, okay? is
that we do still have an inflation
problem. And from our point of view,
whether it's the price of hamburger
or$450 or $5 a gallon or or the fact is
is that when you think about the degree
of the price spike in energy that we've
had and the time o of this spike, we
find that there's a danger zone to
where, you know, if we're talking about
tripledigit oil on the 4th of July
instead of looking at the fireworks
display, we are likely going to run into
headwinds. I was surprised yesterday.
PPI came in much hotter than expected
following a much hotter than expected or
rather marginally hotter than expected
CPI reading earlier this week. And yet
yields dropped at the front end of the
curve by a single basis point. Not a big
deal. The resistance you are seeing at
certain levels in the bond market I
think is somewhat notable given the data
we saw just yesterday. People are
looking for silver linings and they
found one in that the components going
into core PCE actually brought that
level down because of some of the
portfolio management costs and a couple
other metrics that do feed into that key
inflation reading. Nonetheless, we do
have an inflation problem. Even Susan
Collins is talking about that. Fool me
one, shame once, shame on you. Fool me
twice, shame on me. That is what they're
saying. So why are we not pricing in a
greater chance of a hike?
>> Because this Fed doesn't want a hike. I
think that's it right now that
ultimately this Fed really really
doesn't want to hike interest rates.
>> Not happening. Fed is not hiking this.
>> So that's the two-year dealt with if you
really believe that. What about further
out along the curve where maybe there's
a bit more flexibility to price in some
action.
>> Well, but but again that supports the
idea of of a yield curve steepening and
and you we have to face it and and it's
certainly has not been a bad thing these
past six years except for you know short
bursts of time. But we have started a
new multi-year regime where yields on
the long end are going higher and
they're going to continue.
>> Does that present a challenge to
equities or not?
>> In the long term it it it by definition
it has to. But again, the earning
strength has been so profound that in
our mind, you know, we think that you're
going to be okay until the 10-year yield
starts nudging towards five. Could you
ever see Magnificent 7 or just the tech
sector in general with spreads trading
inside of government spreads as they
borrow so much money to fuel uh some of
their spending plans?
>> Well, I I I think back to a number of
years ago when I believe it was Austria
issued the 100red-year bond at 1%. You
you can't disbelieve that anything could
happen in in this environment.
>> The reason why I ask this is because we
say that eventually it will be a
constraint if you get to maybe five five
and a half% on the 10-year yield. At the
same time, we're at pretty elevated
levels and you still see different
companies issuing record amounts of debt
and going around the world to do so. At
what point does this styy capex plans in
a more material way?
>> Well, what's fascinating about that,
Lisa, is again, remember, think of it,
some of these hyperscalers issuing in
Europe to insatiable demand because you
you've got the exposure to the
hyperscalers that you want and you have
it in your home currency. And frankly,
part of the narrative of the last year
plus has been that in our view, you made
a you know long-term top in the dollar.
And if you, you know, you don't have to
worry about FX exposure, that's a bigger
plus.
>> It's the crowding out that starts to get
interesting. Just going through the
numbers. There's a fantastic write up on
the Bloomberg terminal about the sheer
scale of the numbers that are being
issued from some of these hyperscalers
on Alphabet specifically, close to $60
billion. And the team here at Bloomberg
writes that's quadruple the amount of
bonds Alphabet had sold in its first 26
years of business. This is a very very
different phase for these companies.
>> Yeah. And they're going around the world
because they're trying to diversify away
from the United States before the United
States starts pushing back. Nobody wants
a sale to go badly. So they're going
around the world picking the coins out
of the couch cushions as some people
have said and they're trying to figure
out how to create a robust market in
some of these places that really want
hypers. Julia, not all the big spenders
are doing well in this equity market.
Alphabet feels like a bit of an
exception right now. Microsoft, Meta,
Oracle have traded softer throughout the
whole of this year, year to date, down
on the year. They're the big spenders
supporting the revenues and profits of
the big chip makers who are absolutely
surging. How are we going to resolve
that tension? Well, so so there's been
this residual fear is if your business
model is associated with software in
some way, shape or form on the one hand
and and frankly actually we're happier
that that fear hasn't been completely
cast away because it's the casting away
of fear in its entirety that will end up
being the market's biggest problem at
some point. uh you know when FOMO kicks
in in its entirety and then of course
there is the market picking and choosing
amongst the hyperscalers that they're
most preoccupied about the free cash
flow profile and look it has edged down
materially in the last several months
but it doesn't stop our semis analysts
from predicting a trillion one in uh AI
related capex next year
>> looking for more of the same
>> even more Julian is going to see it you
got to stick with Julian Emanuel there
of Evercore. Equity futures on the S&P
near session highs up by a quarter of 1%
on the S&P 500 with an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Vonnie Quinn has more. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Good morning. President Trump
and Xiinping discussing a series of
issues in Beijing on Thursday. Speaking
for over two hours, Trump and she
addressed expanding US access to China
markets and China purchasing more US
energy and agriculture. She did warn
Trump of a potential conflict if the
Taiwan issue is mismanaged.
A UK naval group says a commercial
vessel off the coast of the UAE was
taken by unauthorized personnel and is
heading for Iranian waters. The ship was
taken while it was anchored. Its country
of origin was not immediately clear.
The US Senate confirming Kevin Worsh as
chair of the Federal Reserve in a 54 to
45 vote, the narrowest margin on record.
Wars says he will keep policy free from
political influence when he takes over
from Jerome Powell whose term ends on
Friday. And that is your Bloomberg
brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. Thanks for the
update. More from Vonyie later this
hour. Up next on the program, diplomacy
on display.
>> It's an honor to be your friend and the
relationship between China and the USA
is going to be better than ever before.
>> We're not trying to constrain China, but
their rise cannot come at our expense.
Their rise cannot come at our fall. Up
next, we'll catch up with Emory live
from Beijing, live from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
I count six XPX price target upgrade
since the war started. Morgan Stanley,
Mike Wilson, the latest 8K year end 12
months. The 12-month price target over
at Morgan Stanley now 8,300
on strong earnings. Now, we can compare
this moment to 99. I get it, all the
vibes, but the earnings have been
absolutely phenomenal and that's what
the price target hikes are based on.
>> You know, one thing that Julian Emanuel
referenced is something a lot of people
are referencing, which is that we saw a
valuation reset when big tech was
falling behind some of the other index.
Remember the whole broadening out and
can we get another high without tech
participating that came along with
growth in earnings. So all of a sudden
people are saying we need to catch up to
that the falling behind that we saw at
the end of last year.
>> Alltime highs coming into Thursday
adding to them this Thursday morning up
a quarter of 1% on the S&P 500 on the
NASDAQ up by 0.25 under Savis this
morning. Diplomacy on display.
It's an honor to be your friend and the
relationship between China and the USA
is going to be better than ever before.
Whenever we had a problem, we worked
that out very quickly and we're going to
have a fantastic future together.
>> We're not trying to constrain China, but
their rise cannot come at our expense.
Their rise cannot come at our fall. They
have a plan. When that plan is in
conflict with the national interest of
the United States, we need to do what's
right for the United States.
>> So, here's the latest this morning.
President Donald Trump in China touting
his relationship with Xi Jinping. The
two leaders wrapping up a bilateral
meeting focused on trade and the war in
Iran. Amarie's in Beijing for more. Hi
Amarie.
>> Hey Jonathan. The two leaders are back
again at the great hall of the people
where I was with them earlier this
morning when President Xi really had
this warm welcome to President Trump,
his cabinet as well as a host of the
executives. about $20 trillion of market
capitalization was standing on the great
hall of the people's steps welcoming
both of these leaders and they are back
there right now for a banquet surrounded
by American Chinese executives Xi
Jinping giving a toast welcoming
President Trump to China and it comes
after we've had slightly different
readouts when it comes to the White
House and when it comes to China the
White House didn't mention Taiwan once
clearly they want to focus on some of
the winds here when it comes to
agricultural al purchases discussing
maybe more energy purchases for China to
buy US goods. And then when it comes to
the Chinese readout while the two
leaders were sitting in a bilateral
meeting for more than two and a half
hours about China, state TV and state
media was already pushing a readout that
talked about how these two nations she
wanted to say to the United States these
two nations need to deal carefully with
the question of Taiwan or potentially it
could become a dangerous conflict for
their bilateral relationship. Amir, at
risk of making too much of this moment,
in your experience, how unusual is
something like that?
>> This feels incredibly unusual, even just
this state banquet, especially given the
fact that we spent an entire year having
this tit fortat trade war between
Washington and Beijing. This is a
president that remember a had a rise in
the United States because he was a China
hawk and called out China for some of
their unfair trade practices, their
subsidies of Chinese companies, how they
make it difficult for market access for
American companies into United States,
which is interesting why you also uh
really caught that line from Xi Jinping
talking about how he wants to open up
China. Well, that is a tale as old as
time. We've heard from Chinese officials
on the global stage, especially speaking
to corporate America. I think for
executives sitting in that room, you
have Elon Musk, Jensen Wong, Dina Powell
of Meta is there, you have David Solomon
of Goldman Sachs, Jane Frasier of City.
I think they would want to see more
details and proof in the pudding when it
comes to some of these words.
>> Amry, can we just finish on Nvidia? I'm
sure you saw the reporting that came
from Reuters overnight indicating the US
had cleared Nvidia to sell H200 chips to
10 Chinese firms. What isn't clear to us
at the moment is whether China will
actually allow those firms to buy those
chips. What do you know?
>> Well, Reuters is reporting that they've
that the US has signaled they're going
to allow the sale of those H200s.
Remember, the H200s were banned and then
there was a reversal in January. They
were allowed to be sold into China, but
the United States would get a cut back,
really a kickback of 25%. Okay, so
Alibaba, Tencent, according to this
report, can buy these chips. That was
never the problem. The issue was China
was not allowing these firms to purchase
the H200s. That is still a key key
question. They are going to have another
day of bilateral talks. We know that
Jensen Wong is here potentially. We're
going to get some clarity.
>> And Marie, looking forward to catching
up with you later in the program. AMH
over in Beijing as we're having this
conversation. Some headlines just
crossing from Xi Jinping directly.
>> Yeah. saying that China US ties have
been stable with talks with via talks
with Trump and then going on to say
China US relations can only be improved
not worsened giving a sense of where
we're coming from. I will just say
though, this is probably the harshest
rhetoric we've heard from China
regarding Taiwan in a very long time, if
ever. And talking about how this is the
most important issue to China and that
if red lines are crossed, it could
become a very dangerous situation is
something that definitely was notably
omitted from the US readout.
>> I um smiled when I read that headline as
well that they can only get better from
here.
>> I imagine that that's
>> the bar has been pretty low. Let's put
it that way. Julian Emanuel Veco with us
around the table. Julian, let's continue
this conversation with regards to China.
Is this a market issue anymore? Does it
matter whether Nvidia gets access or
not?
>> It it it it certainly is a market issue.
Okay. It will continue to be a market
issue, but it's sort of, you know, the
drama plays out over longer time frames
and in different nuances, but again, the
subtext, it's not just chips, it's oil.
Okay? And we haven't heard any
discussion of what may or may not happen
around Iran. And obviously the the uh
the ideas are different. You know,
there's more of an immediacy on the part
of the US to unblock the strait and
China clearly has patience given that
its stockpile of oil uh appears to be
larger. But they are both incentivized,
you know, in the medium term at least to
get this unblocked. And you can't
disagregate
chips and technology from oil is part of
the entire dance.
>> You noted tech for oil seems to be your
takeaway from these meetings. Do you
think that there's going to be some sort
of trade from the US giving certain
access to technology in return for
either China releasing some of its oil
reserves or potentially intervening in
Iran? Well, we may not actually ever
know that, but to think that something
like that isn't being discussed
is is likely naive. And think about the
other aspect. Again, we have two
readouts of the first session that are
radically different. So, what really
happens and what really is going to
happen is an open question. And in our
mind, the most important thing to look
out for is how does the oil price
respond next week? Because if the oil
price doesn't start heading lower,
that's when there are going to be, you
know, thoughts around whether the
tension has in fact eased because of
these two days.
>> As the Chinese leader just wrapping up
these comments at this banquet in
Beijing, we'll carry on tracking the
headlines coming out of China. Just want
to finish on this market with you.
You've seen a lot in your career. I'm
not aging you, just highlighting your
experience. all-time highs on the S&P,
record highs on the NASDAQ 100. Lisa and
I were talking about regret minimization
earlier this week. You remember back in
do that if you missed it, your career
was under pressure. Being girly wasn't
good. In this moment right now, do you
sense the same forces shaping some of
the approaches to this market at the
moment?
>> There's no question about it. But you
have to understand and and think about
this. This has been a consistent theme
since 1982, okay? when the secular bull
market of several generations began is
that investors by nature are optimists.
You can't invest without being optimist.
So I I if that's the psychology which it
is then you know you are going to be
penalized for missing the upside
disproportionately
to the regret of mi of you know escaping
the downside.
>> Julian good to see you sir. Thank you,
Jun Emanuel there of Evercore. Coming up
on the program, Pierre Feru of New
Street Research as US CEOs look to
expand business in Beijing. In Beijing,
the president of the United States
speaking right now at a banquet in
Beijing. We'll take those comments and
bring you some headlines throughout this
morning.
The president speaking in Beijing, China
at a banquet alongside the Chinese
leader Xi Jinping. Let's listen.
And across the centuries, this mutual
esteem grew into a relationship that
reflected the tremendous talent and
potential of our two people. Chinese
workers helped lay the railroad tracks
that connected our Atlantic coast to the
Pacific. American travelers to China
helped spread literacy and modern
medicine. And at the request of China's
ambassador, it was President Theodore
Roosevelt who provided the funds to
establish President Xi's alma mater
Ching Wua University.
Fore
as allies in World War II, President
Franklin Roosevelt's mentions of The
brave people of China, that's what they
were, drew loud cheers and his speeches
in the United States. And everybody
loved what he had to say. Just as many
Chinese now love basketball and blue
jeans, Chinese restaurants in America
today outnumber the five largest fast
food chains in the United States. All
combined. That's a pretty big statement.
the president of the United States for
some comments in Beijing, China at a
banquet alongside the Chinese leader Xi
Jinping. We'll get some headlines for
you and we'll share them as they come
through on the Bloomberg terminal.
Equity futures right now, the S&P is the
price action. Alltime highs adding some
weight to that rally up by a quarter of
1% on the S&P and the NASDAQ up by 0.2.
Plenty of fireworks to talk about in the
bond market. The 2-year pinned around
4%. The 30-year gets more and more
interesting. North of 5%, a fixed rate
of 5% at a 30-year auction yesterday for
the first time in almost 20 years. At
the same time, we had hot CPI, hot PPI,
and a new Fed share.
>> This is a market that does not believe
that this Federal Reserve will raise
rates anytime soon, even though it's
starting to be priced in on the margins.
The indication here in the steepening of
the yield curve is that inflation will
be a bit stickier for longer. You can
see that in the break even rates as
well. The idea that 30-year bonds were
sold at a five-year handle, five five%
handle for the first time going back to
2007 gives you a sense of how much
things have shifted. It also gives you a
sense that even that wasn't enough to
bring some sort of blockbuster demand
and that I think is pretty telling about
people's concern longer term.
>> Middling demand, it's fair to say not
that impressive even with a coupon, a
yield like that. Equity futures then
just about positive. Let's get you some
single name, some morning movers.
There's some big ones out there. Yahara
has more. Hey yara. Exactly, John. And
we start with that big one. Uh we are
seeing shares of Cisco soaring more than
16% set for its biggest post earnings
jump since 2002. That's because the
largest maker of networking equipment
posted a beat and a raise and announced
it is cutting thousands of jobs to focus
on AI. Plus, it raised its forecast when
it comes to AI orders from hyperscalers
from $5 billion to $9 billion in the
next fiscal year. Turning to Nvidia,
another strong day for that company up
1.7% as we get a flurry of headlines out
of Beijing. First, you have President Xi
telling US business leaders including
Jensen Wong that China will open its
doors wider to foreign companies, though
those companies have heard that before
and the barriers still stand. And then
you have that Reuters report saying that
the US has approved uh several Chinese
tech giants to buy the Nvidia H200 AI
chip. though it's unclear as Amarie was
saying earlier whether China has signed
off on that. And we end on shares of
StubHub. They are soaring more than 15%
in the pre-market after it said it is it
after it reiterated its fullear outlook
pointing to a packed live event schedule
and strong demand for everything from
concerts to sporting events. and uh
Subhub sounding especially bullish on
the World Cup saying that it expects to
capture an outside share of those ticket
sales. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yihara in
the next hour. On our radar this
morning, the president of the United
States and Xi Jinping striking an
optimistic tone at their summit in
Beijing. Trump saying the US China
relationship will be better than ever
before. She's saying the countries
should be partners and not rivals. The
president speaking just moments ago
inviting She to the White House on
September 24th. Elsewhere, the Senate
confirming Kevin Walsh as the next chair
of the Federal Reserve by the slimmest
of margins that we have seen in years. A
54 to 45 vote. Walsh taking the helm
after JP's term expires tomorrow. And
finally, pressure mounting for UK Prime
Minister K Star to resign. Rivals within
the Labour Party preparing bids to
challenge his leadership. The party
seeing disastrous results in local
elections and staff are facing
historically low approval ratings.
>> Yeah, unclear exactly who could actually
get ahead though because there have
already been a number of people have
taken out of the running. West
Streeting, who you were talking about
yesterday, uh is planning to quit the
cabinet. This is widely expected. Still,
there are questions about his ability to
really be in the running. And then his
former number two, I love how all the
people around him seem to be just
completely undermining him and ready to
run against him. Is this sort of the uh
is this the norm in in Britain? It's
becoming the norm, isn't it?
>> I mean, it's sort of who's going to stab
you in the back first.
>> I hear people describe this as stability
with the current government or chaos
with something new. I would offer a
different kind of way of viewing things.
Slow decay with the current government
or quick decay with something new. There
needs to be a complete change in policy
in the UK.
>> Well, I think that bond markets would
agree with you. Some people might say
that's incredibly harsh. Other people
are saying, we'll just take a look at
the 10-year guilt yield. And you can see
this concern that the bond vigilantes
have that whoever comes into power is
not going to have the answer to the
fiscal situation. And even if Kier
Starmer is going to preserve his role,
yes, that might give marginal stability,
but that still leaves yields very much
the levels during the Liz stress moment.
>> I heard one member of the Labour party
in the last 24 hours talk about the debt
and how they shouldn't be governed by
the bond market. If you don't want to be
governed by the bond market, don't
borrow so much money. That is true of
governments. It's true of people, too.
If you don't want to be governed by the
bank, don't take out a massive mortgage.
Why is it any different for governments?
Why don't they see it like that? It's
not about being governed by the bond
market like it's this boogeyman we just
succumb to. It's the fact that over
successive governments, you've borrowed
so much money decade after decade that
you are now basically outsourcing policy
to fixed income markets.
>> You could argue that. And markets do not
give out runner-up prizes. They don't
give a prize to everybody. They pick
winners and losers. And ultimately, that
is going to be a problem that every
developed market is going to have to
deal with. And increasingly you're
seeing that being priced into the yield.
>> That's the UK. It's messy in the equity
market right now. Record highs states
side. Top US tech CEOs in Beijing
pushing for the world's largest
economies to strike new deals.
>> They're here today to pay respects to
you and to China and they look forward
to trade and doing business and it's
going to be totally reciprocal on our
behalf. So I really look very much
forward to our discussions. Reuters
reporting this morning the US has
approved 10 Chinese companies to buy
Nvidia's second most powerful chip. To
discuss Pierre Faragu of New Street
Research joins us now for more. Pierre,
good to see you in person. Good morning.
>> How you doing?
>> Let's talk about Nvidia. Do they need
access to this market or not?
>> Well, very near term they probably don't
need it because they just can't
manufacture enough chips to to meet the
demon they're facing at the moment. Now
the concern of Jensen is far more
strategic in the long run. Um it's very
dangerous for Nvidia to let alternative
ecosystems flourish uh and do well. So
the more Nvidia can actually sell chips
into the Chinese market, the less it
gives room in the Chinese market for an
alternative ecosystem and chipmaker to
to emerge and flourish basically.
>> Have you seen anybody actually start to
emerge and flourish in the Chinese
market to actually compete directly with
Nvidia? But for the moment it's uh
nothing really uh really serious. You've
probably heard about DeepSync uh who've
done made the headline a bit more than a
year ago training a model on Nvidia
chips and then complaining about the
difficulty of keeping innovating without
the Nvidia chips. So for Huawei and
others uh manufacturing chips in China
is very challenging. um the Chinese
don't have access to the most leading
edge technology and their ecosystem is
late like the decades of investment in
CUDA in all the software that goes into
an NVIDIA chip um of course is something
very difficult to to catch up with and
the idea from here is do you want to
keep uh do you want to slow China
letting them access uh the Nvidia chip
so it's slowing China in developing
their own ecosystem but it's of course
accelerating China's ability to do well
in AI or do you want to do the opposite
which is to cut them off from the best
chips available around the Nvidia chips.
Uh and in that case it slows them down
in AI. Uh but it's favoring the
emergence of an alternative ecosystem.
the divergence between national security
officials in Washington DC who are
freaking out at the idea of H200 chips
being sold into China and the markets
that are getting very excited about that
because that will just broaden the
investment base for this gives a sense
of the division frankly on a broader
level between people who say this is an
existential threat an existential moment
for countries to invest in big tech
versus those who say it might be
overhyped hold the brakes there's a lot
of risk developing here maybe we should
hold it back do you think that the
innovation that you've seen over the
past couple of years justifies this
feeling of existential risk and endless
investment being a good thing.
>> Yes. So, uh definitely I don't know how
much you you're using uh using AI, but
like the pace of innovation is
mind-blowing. The potential use cases.
You're still looking at what you thought
AI was 6 months ago and you look at what
AI is doing today. Uh and then you you
you hear about these new models that are
so good that they can't even be
released. Uh there is something that is
existential about uh about AI. Um and
there is something also that is
extremely lucrative and that's the
reason why nobody needs to ask all these
players to invest like trillions of
dollars now uh in in AI data center and
uh running out of place to to deploy
them and talking already to send them to
space. Um so so that's the situation in
which we are today and that's a race and
that's probably the core of the of the
meetings in China uh today.
>> People often compare the unveiling of
chat GBT to the unveiling of Netscape
back in the mid '90s. With that in mind,
where do you think we are compared to
the '90s? What year is this?
>> Can you pick a year right now?
>> From which perspective, Jen, like
>> from the perspective of market
performance and stock prices
specifically?
>> Stock prices. Uh the great difference
between today and the '9s is actually
valuation. like these companies are
extremely profitable. That's difference
number one. And then difference number
two is actually um how the pace of
innovation translates into uh uh growth
in the '9s. I can't remember like a
Netscape of or anyone else adding a
couple of billion dollars of recurring
revenues every week. And this is the
situation in which we are today.
>> It's an amazing situation that we're in.
It took us a while to find out the
winners and it took a while because we
had to go through the bus first. Do you
think the the sequencing is different
this time around?
>> No, actually that's very interesting. I
I find a lot of similarities like
picking the winners in the AI race today
is a dangerous game. I wouldn't venture
too much into it. Um what's interesting
is that I think you already have quite a
lot of evidences that it's not going to
be a winner take all game. So there
there's going to be multiple uh winners.
um you see it and I think like the
geopolitic and strategic aspect of it is
is very important like a uh like
sovereign countries will want um
diversity and even you see it in use
cases where players start you know
specializing on specific uh areas of the
application of artificial intelligence.
Um so but market shares are going to
move back and forth very very rapidly.
It's going to be about innovation. is
going to be about cracking the new use
cases like the first to figure out
software development agents is now
taking over everybody else you we see
that now and it's going to be about
compute because what's the primary
driver of market share in AI today is
compute and so you understand the
tension between the US and China uh from
that perspective if you want to be uh
ahead of the curve in uh in in AI you
actually need to deploy the most
costefficient data data centers the
fastest you can.
>> Do you think though that some of these
AI names will move from being treated as
growth or value stocks to utilities
where essentially they need to be
incredibly regulated. They're incredibly
asset heavy and they have to deal with
different technology cycles that they
have to finance every 3 to 5 years. So
if you talk about like the the frontier
labs uh yes for the moment the frontier
labs are actually facing so u
so much like capital need that you see
that most of them actually are not even
investing in the data centers
themselves. They need the balance sheet
of the hyperscalers of of the neoclads
uh to do the investment for them. So
they are growing like their cost
commitments. um they they will need to
continue to spend gigantic amount of
money uh on compute and it is a very
competitive market. So where they emerge
we'll have to see. Now keep in mind that
this is going to be a very igopolistic
market. Um you don't see uh more than a
handful of players really being able to
invest at that scale or convince their
ecosystem to invest at that scale. And
that's just the beginning. Think about
where you're going to deploy the next
data centers. If we need to deploy 10
times more data centers than we do today
in 10 years from now, this is going to
be in space, right? And you see that
going to to go to space, you don't have
that many players able to launch very
large satellites in space. And so that
competitive game is going to remain like
very illegalistic. And so I'm not too
worried about um their ability to make
money from that for that reason in the
in the long run.
>> Pierre, you've given us a lot to think
about. Pierre Fergo there of New Street
Research. Good to see you, sir. Thanks
for being here. Equity futures positive
by two ten of 1% with an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Vonnie Quinn has more. Hey
Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. President Trump and
Tienpin wrapping up comments at a state
banquet in Beijing. Trump praising their
quote extremely positive and productive
conversations emphasizing his
long-standing personal relationship with
the Chinese leader. Trump extending an
invite for she to visit the White House
in September.
Cerebras Systems raising more than $5.5
billion in its IPO, making it this
year's biggest offering so far. The AI
chipmaker pricing its shares at $185
each, giving it a market value of about
$40 billion. Shares will begin trading
on the NASDAQ today.
Secretary of State Marco Rubio says the
US will push China to take a more active
role in ending the Iran war. Rubio also
highlighting the importance of striking
a balance in foreign policy with China,
calling Beijing a top political
challenge. And that's your Bloomberg
brief. John.
>> Hey, Vonyie. Thank you. More from Vonyie
in the next hour. Up next on the
program, shifting leadership at the
Federal Reserve.
>> The chair of the Federal Reserve has a
lot of influence, but when it comes down
to a vote, the chair is one of 12
voters. And so, a new chair coming in
will have to persuade his or her
colleagues that this is the best course
of action.
>> Welcome, Kevin Walsh. Eric Nelson of
Wells Fargo joins us next live from New
York City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
Record highs in yesterday's session.
Record highs this morning. And it's some
weighted rally up by 0.2% on the S&P.
Likewise on the NASDAQ. Some decent news
out there for the tech stock trade.
Cisco absolutely crushing it. We've got
an IPO coming to market later. Cerebras
way above the marketed range. They're
the 99 type vibes, but as many guests
have already pointed out this morning,
that's where they end. Valuations,
earnings, pretty powerful stuff.
>> The earnings are actually outpacing the
valuation gains. And that's the reason
why people say yes Cisco might be the
poster child of 2000 but it is not the
poster child of th 2026 at least not in
a bad way in a good way because now
they're booking revenue from
hyperscalers and this shows that they're
able to recreate themselves in the guise
of a modern company and that is what
people are pointing to not a lot of fear
out there frankly
>> that's the stock market let's turn to
fixed income where maybe a bit of fear
is brewing just a little bit 5% on 30s
at a front end of the curve around 4%
hot CPI hot PPI under surveillance this
oning shifting leadership at the Federal
Reserve.
>> The chair of the Federal Reserve has a
lot of influence. Um
the chair sets the agenda. What are the
topics we're going to talk about? But
when it comes down to a vote, the chair
is one of 12 voters. And so a new chair
coming in, whoever the chair is,
whatever the environment is, we'll have
to persuade his or her colleagues that
this is the best course of action.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
Senate confirming Kevin Walsh as Federal
Reserve chair in the slimmest vote ever
for a head of the central bank. Eric
Nelson of Wells Fargo writing he will
clearly face opposition from much of the
committee on the idea of further rate
cuts. Eric joins us now for more. Eric,
good morning.
>> Morning.
>> What other prospect of delivering rate
cuts later this year?
>> It is difficult if you look at where the
sort of key forecasts for the Fed were
in March. Core PC, U3 unemployment.
We're tracking above on core PC and a
little bit below on unemployment. So,
it's a difficult case. Now, the question
of course in markets is turning to will
the Fed hike rates, right? It's become a
little more fashionable. We'll talk
about that. It's key to keep in mind
though that for the vast majority of
this Federal Reserve, just doing nothing
is tightening, right? Rates are above
neutral for most of this committee. So,
the market may be a little bit of ahead
of itself in pricing rate hikes.
>> Well, let's talk about that. So, right
now 397 on twos. So, you're trading just
above the upper end of the policy rate
at the Federal Reserve. Just above it. I
wouldn't say it's the base case of a lot
of people right now that at least I
speak to that they expect rate hikes.
How high is the bar to hikes?
>> I think it's quite high. I think if the
Fed is going to hike, it's going to take
them a very long time and it's going to
take a couple more things. One being
inflation expectations and that's out
the curve, not just the front end of the
curve, right? Those really need to perk
up. And you know, I think also you need
to see very clear improvement in the
labor market, not just relative
stabilization. Uh but again, I think you
know this is a Fed that if they're going
to hike, they're going to be way behind
the curve and it's going to take many
months uh and rather than something
that's going to be proactive tightening.
>> So then why wouldn't you just sell the
long end if you're seeing all of this
capital markets activity? You're saying
that this is a somewhat restrictive Fed
funds rate. A lot of people in the
market would beg to disagree when
they're getting IPOs and different
mergers getting done. You see the
incredible animal spirits coming back,
the consumer performing better than many
people expected. Where is this
restrictiveness of which you speak?
>> That's a great question and I think if
you look at the the market reaction to
the last two inflation reports, let's
zero in on the rate on on the yield
curve. The yield curve actually
steepened a little bit on some of these
very hot inflation prints. That's
unusual. It's not supposed to happen.
And that I think is a function of the
front end being relatively pinned with
hikes being unlikely. Let's go back to
October 2023. Think about that, you
know, the bare steepening we had in the
in the yield curve back then. The Fed
basically said the market's doing the
work for us. We don't have to raise
rates because the long end of the curve
is actually increasing. We could see
something similar this time around if
that's what the market does.
>> Is this something that you think is
feasible for this Fed given the focus on
the 10-year Treasury yield from one
Scott Bessant over at the Treasury? I
mean, there's this question of are they
going to allow this kind of tightening
given that it disproportionately affects
the areas of the economy that haven't
gotten off the back foot, which is
housing and a lot of mortgage payments.
>> Well, they may not have a choice, right?
I mean, if if they're not going to if
inflation is going to stay perky and
unemployment is going to be stable and
the back end of the curve moves higher,
they can't do much of anything unless
they're going to say, "Oh, we know we
actually need to raise rates." Right?
So, that's going to be the release valve
until otherwise proven otherwise.
>> This from BMP Power yesterday, 5% not a
ceiling. Went on to say, "For yields to
stop pushing higher, we think the
Treasury will need to deliver something
clear in the form of guidance that
suggests coupon supply at the long end
will be either explicitly or implicitly
decreased. someone will have to step in.
This move in yields that we're seeing, I
agree with you. It was notable. Curve
steepened. Yields at the front end of
the curve actually dropped a single
basis point. That's the market convinced
of a dovish reaction function, an
asymmetrically dovish reaction function
at the Federal Reserve that they're
willing to ignore hot inflation. I don't
think it's the market that welcomes it.
Hence the sell off further out along the
curve.
>> Yeah. Is this essentially the market
begging from some intervention from the
Treasury? This is the speculation that
they're going to issue significantly
more of the debt on the front end of the
yield curve. We haven't seen that yet.
Is this sort of the invitation? You
know, now is your time. Show us what you
got.
>> This is what people are talking about.
You bring down the balance sheet because
apparently this is what Kevin Walsh
wants to do. It all gets issued at the
front end of the curve. Rates have to be
pinned to the floor
more than they otherwise would be. And
the channel where this really plays out
is the FX channel and the dollar gets
hammered. Now, that's just a theory. Do
you subscribe to it? not hammered, but
can it weaken a little bit? Yeah. And I
think as long as inflation is rising,
growth is stable, and the Fed is doing
nothing, the dollar is going to stay
under pressure, especially against some
of the high yielders, high carry
currencies. Now, at some point here,
again, certainly if the Fed were to uh
actually raise rates, that would
completely change the game. But also,
you know, there still are some left tail
risks or some downside risks that are
out there. you know, some of the credit
tightening that we're seeing behind the
scenes in private markets. I think this
is a market that's pricing in
increasingly pricing in rate hikes,
positioned for higher rates across the
curve, especially at the front end.
Yeah.
>> So, let's not forget that there are
still some of those risks on the other
side of the spectrum. Eric, it's good to
see you. Thanks for dropping by.
Appreciate it. Eric Nelson there of
Wells Fargo. Up next, we'll catch up
with Paul Quincy of JP Morgan Asset
Management, the former senior White
House trade adviser, Kellyanne Shaw,
Eric Aarian of UPS, and Mona Mahajan of
Edward Jones. The second down of
Bloomberg surveillance just around the
corner.
>> The economy is really strong.
>> What we're seeing is a narrow foundation
to growth.
>> We're in the early innings of what could
be a really problematic path for
inflation. That longevity of the
inflation myths probably starts to
affect the psychology of consumers.
>> The brunt of the pain has not yet been
felt.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning for our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now.
And your price action scores look like
this. all-time highs on the S&P and it's
a weight to the rally up by a quarter of
1% on the S&P and on the NASDAQ. The
tech trade bouncing back in this bond
market isn't stopping it. Twos, 10, 30s,
twos around 4%, 30s around 5%, the first
fixed rate we've seen at a 30-year
auction going back almost 20 years.
Things are changing in the bond market,
not just state side, but worldwide. More
economic data later this morning, 8:30
Eastern time. We will get jobless
claims. You will also get retail sales,
an important read on the consumer and
just how much spending that consumer has
been doing.
>> Are they absorbing the price increases
that we're seeing in CPI and PPI
reports? Can they continue to absorb
this inflationary backdrop that we
continue to talk about and that you see
priced into bond yields? Ultimately, the
answer has been yes for most of the
readings. And so, is there some sort of
contradiction with the idea of this
roaring bull market and an inflationary
backdrop and nothing on the horizon that
potentially could stop it? How much does
that tension become something recognized
as a risk versus something that can
persist for the foreseeable future?
>> Two-speed economy. Christopher
strategist put it well on this program.
This is not a consumption-led rally in
the equity market. It's a tech
investment-driven rally in the equity
market. And if you based your equity
market thesis right now on consumption
trends and lower income groups in the
US, you'd be aggressively short
equities. The problem is right now that
the equity market is made up of some
massive tech firms that contribute to a
massive waiting in the S&P 500 and those
companies are doing tremendously well.
You base it on that, you'll be
aggressively long and that's what the
market's been doing.
>> And they've been right and they've been
seeing semiconductors lead and you
talked about bad breath. I know insert
your bad breath joke here, but that is
what you're seeing right now in this
rally. Uh that only 46% of the S&P 500's
members reached above their 50 uh day
moving averages. That is the fewest in a
month. Even as we reach new high after
new high, it is a handful of stocks that
have been the beneficiaries of this
incredible groundsole of infrastructure
spending and the profitability stemming
from AI.
>> Should we talk about the vibes?
>> I would love to.
>> The 995 cerebrous AI chip maker. What
was the range over there for that IPO?
>> It was supposed to be 140 to 150.
>> Came in at 185, right? That's some
pretty powerful stuff. Cisco, people
remember Cisco back in the good old days
or rather the bad old days in the early
2000s where things went the wrong way.
Cisco crushing kit. Really strong
forecast. Stock is surging in the
pre-market. You know,
>> it's funny when we talk about the 2000s.
I remember what it used to be a
cautionary tale. Now people are saying,
well, some of the winners back then
actually ended up being the winners
today. It just took, you know, two
decades of doing nothing. So, you know,
people can look at this on either level.
Cisco coming back. It's still alive and
kicking and actually benefiting from the
latest tech trend, the AI boom.
Nonetheless, people are concerned about
how much capacity there is to absorb the
IPOs coming down the pike. Cerebrus
really highlighted how much demand there
is, how overs subscribed it was, pricing
at $185 a share, as you mentioned, for a
valuation of4 to $49 billion depending
on how you calculate it. Does this pave
the path for SpaceX, for OpenAI, for
Anthropic as they continue to raise
money in the private market?
>> Yeah, that's the biggest IPO of the year
so far. Correct. Because later this
year, you might see some even bigger
IPOs. Not once, not twice, but maybe
three times. Equity futures right now in
the S&P positive by a third of 1% coming
up this hour. Paul Quincy of JP Morgan
asset management with stocks adding to
record highs. The former senior White
House trade adviser Kellyanne Shaw on
President Trump's meeting with Xiinping
and Mona Mahajan of Edward Jones after
the Senate confirmed Kevin Walsh as the
next Fed chair. We begin this hour with
stocks edging higher as tech continues
to fuel the record rally. Paul Quincy of
JP Morgan Asset Management writing,
"Earnings are booming with AI and
semiconductors driving profit expansion
not just in the US but across regions
through the broader supply chain. This
is a good time to diversify. Paul joins
us now for more. Paul, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Diversify the what or diversify the
where
>> because it is different
>> both. I think diversity diversification
in terms of style. So think about value
as well as growth and diversification in
terms of region as well. Think about the
rest of the world as well as the US
>> because region right now I'd get excited
about South Korea. I'd be diversified
the where but not the what. What are you
interested in beyond just the AI tech
trade? Well, South Korea is a couple of
stocks, not a region. So, so look, I
think first of all, the tech trade
itself, you can't you can't ignore it
obviously, and you can't just dismiss
it. And yes, we see these warning signs.
One of my portfolio managers told me she
was called by her college-aged son and
asked about last week, is it a good time
to start buying memory stocks? You know,
you see incredible interest in these
ETFs booming.
Those are things that worry those of us
who have been around for a long time.
But when you look at the fundamentals,
they're incredibly strong. And history
tells us that these kind of moves go on
until, first of all, things get
expensive. Secondly, volatility starts
to pick up. That's a real warning sign.
And thirdly, the earnings revisions
peak. That's when you've got to really
watch out. And that's not yet what we're
seeing when it comes to semiconductors.
So on the valuations,
sure on things like price to book, price
to sales multiples are getting up there,
but the earnings multiples are still for
many of these stocks still single digit
and that's true in the US, it's true in
the rest of the world as well. So a
mixed picture there. Volatility
absolutely going up. You're getting
enormous moves every day in both
directions. That's a warning sign.
Earnings momentum doesn't seem like it's
peaking. You just mentioned Cisco, every
data point we've seen in the last few
weeks just fuels the fire. things are
getting better driven of course by at
the root cause of it the frontier models
inflecting hyperscaler investment going
up every time you look at the numbers
that trend that trend hasn't yet changed
>> just to add to your fear my 17-year-old
son came to me on Tuesday after the
7/10% drop and said I bought the dip and
I said oh dear lord but to that point
you know how do you diversify from
something that is profoundly existential
and and rooted through every valuation
of every company it's rooted in the bond
market it's rooted on glo and the growth
grow expectations and productivity. What
does it mean to move away from that when
it seems to be increasingly embedded in
people's economic and financial
expectations?
>> Sure. Well, I'll give you an example.
So, we've seen investors looking a lot
at international value strategies in the
last couple of years. So, international
value is diversifying about as far away
from technology and magnificent 7 as as
you can get, right? So, it's geographic
diversification and it's style
diversification. And you can look at a
you can put together a portfolio of
international value stocks pay around 11
times earnings. They're decent
companies. They're not growing that
fast. Tech is an incredibly something
like 3 or 4% of that type of portfolio.
And you haven't had to sacrifice
returns. So you've made 40% the last 12
months from international value. Uh 25%
type compound return over the last three
years is actually significantly better
than the S&P. Now I don't think that's a
realistic expectation looking forward
because the starting point is higher
now. But the point is there are other
ways to make money in in in in world
stock markets. Yeah. Our research team
covers two and a half thousand companies
and not every one of them their entire
fate rests on rests on AI.
>> How much is it a corporate story and how
much is it an FX story at a time when a
lot of people are expecting the dollar
to weaken.
>> The dollar weakening
we tend to sort of look at the world
bottom up company by company. So I
always prefer to get excited about the
corporate story rather than relying on
on the currencies. But yeah, currencies
played into that a little bit. But no,
it's been much more a corporate story.
So for example, uh the European banks
went from uninvestable to solid
companies. You made five or six times
your money in a few years. Energy stocks
written off a year ago, now their
earnings are booming. So So there are
just other ways to make money in global
stock markets. I think it's at a time
like this when all the attention is in
one place. It's really worth remembering
that.
>> Can I throw another asset class at you?
Started with FX. I want to throw bonds
at you as well. Fixed income feels a
little bit untethered right now. Looking
at Japan, yield levels we haven't seen
since some maturities started in the
late 1990s. In Germany at any given
time, yield levels we haven't seen since
2011. You've seen the stats coming out
of the guilt market in the UK, highs of
the year state side. What do you think
is developing there? And is that a
challenge to your asset class in the
equity market?
>> Well, we have enough challenge keeping
up the 2500 companies that we're looking
at without worrying too much about
what's going on in in the bond markets,
too. But we have to obviously we have to
be aware of it. I'm old enough to
remember the crash of ' 87 when no one
cared about bond yields until they they
did. That was six months into my career
as a portfolio manager. Uh so that was a
learning lesson right there. Look, we're
a long way from that kind of extreme,
right? So, but one what we do our
observation about the economy is when we
look at earnings and corporate
profitability, it's incredibly strong,
but it's very concentrated. So, we're
going to see earnings in the US this
year up mid20s now. our analyst
estimates that's up four or five points
from where it was just just a few weeks
ago. And yes, it's broadening beyond the
magnificent seven. Yeah.
>> So the 493 are going to be up close to
20% this year,
>> but it's still tech. So if you take tech
out and also energy, which is obviously
something different as well. You got
around 8% earnings growth. That's that's
okay, but that's not a boom. The boom
the boom is AI. So from a bottom up
point of view, economy looks okay,
reasonably strong, but all the
excitement, all the inflationary
pressure, it's in the AI space.
>> Your asset class though is in a
competition for flows. If I can sort of
boil it down to that, you've identified
a problem concentration. I'm identifying
an asset class that's offering some real
income now in a way that it hasn't for a
number of years in any given place in
any given time. And I'm trying to
understand whether you would see that as
a reflection of a better profile for
growth looking out yields higher curve
steeper or whether you see that as
competition for flows that would
otherwise go into your asset class
because of the concentration risk.
>> Yeah, sure there is. Look, there is a
little more competition, right? It
wasn't hard to choose between stocks and
bonds when bonds were yielding 2%. We
went through this long period after GFC
in which bond yields were just
incredibly low by any kind of historic
standard and it was kind of hard to get
get too excited about bonds back then.
We've gone from extremely low to what
our fix income teams think are more sort
of normal typical levels. So, it's fine.
It's not yet in the competition stage.
>> We've seen incredible returns, double
digit returns for a number of years now.
And people are wondering whether we're
entering a time of more tempered
returns. Are you expecting to prepare
your clients for more 8 to 10% returns
on a forward-looking basis versus, you
know, the 20 some odd percent that we've
seen recently?
>> Yes, I think that's very reasonable. So
why such great returns? Obviously
fantastic earnings growth. We think
that's going to continue but at a
slightly slower pace. So as we think
about the next five years, our analysts
get to around 10 11% earnings growth a
year for the S&P 500 companies. That's
pretty good, but it's not 25% we're
getting, you know, we're getting this
year. So and then on top of that,
multiples, they've been going up at a
modest rate. They're at the kind of high
end of the range. That doesn't terrify
us, but it's hard to imagine multiples
going up a lot and building that in as
part of your returns. You S&P is trading
around 21 times. We would think
something like 18 19 time. So, it's a
little bit high. It's not crazy, but I
wouldn't build in from here multiple
expansion. So, it's all about earnings.
It sort of always is, but even more so
than ever when you're starting at, you
know, paying a pretty high price.
>> I was trying to attempt to get Paul to
give Bob Michael some love on a fixed
income side.
>> Well, I mean, not really.
Although he didn't say that it was true
competition, at the same time he seems
to signify exactly what Bob's been
saying, which is he doesn't see runaway
bond yields because of the underlying uh
weakness in certain parts of the
economy.
>> Well, it's good to see you. Thanks for
being here. Thank you. Thank you, sir.
Paul Quincy there of JP Morgan Asset
Management. Stocks near session highs up
a third of 1% on the S&P with an update
on stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Vonyi Quinn has more. Hey,
Vonnie.
>> Hey, John. Thank you. President Trump
and Xinpin wrapping up comments at a
state banquet in Beijing. Trump praising
the extremely positive and productive
conversations, emphasizing his
long-standing personal relationship with
the Chinese leader. Trump extending an
invite for she to visit the White House
in September.
In video shares rising in the
pre-market, the US reportedly clearing
several Chinese firms to buy the
company's H200 chips. Reuters reporting
companies including Alibaba and Bite
Dance are approved, but deliveries are
stalled.
And Cisco shares rising in the
pre-market. The company reporting fourth
quarter guidance, topping estimates by
nearly a billion dollars. Cisco also
announcing plans to cut almost 4,000
jobs as part of a restructuring to focus
on AI. And that is your brief. John
>> Chuck Robbins just absolutely crushing
it. What a report. An earnings season
for Cisco. The stock is up by 16%. Up
next on the program, optimism in
Beijing.
>> I want to thank President Xi. It is my
honor to extend an invitation to you and
Madame Ping to visit us at the White
House this September 24th. And Marie on
the ground in Beijing joins us next.
Plus, we'll catch up with the former
senior White House trade adviser Kellyan
Shaw live from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning to you all. Equity futures
right now in the S&P 500 firmer by a
third of 1% on the NASDAQ up by 0.28
adding some weight to a record-breaking
rally. Thank you to two names this
morning. Cisco in the pre-market surging
16%. Fantastic numbers, great guidance
coming from Chuck Robbins. Some job
cuts, a shift to AI, all the stuff that
investors want to hear right now is
helping that name this morning. Nvidia
also higher by 1.5%. I think we need
some more clarity on what is going on
here. But Reuters's report earlier on
this morning suggesting that the US has
basically given Nvidia clearance to sell
H200 chips to 10 Chinese firms. So they
are export licenses. We also need to
figure out whether China will allow
those companies to import said chips
into China. And that's where I think we
lack some clarity still today.
>> Yeah. What's different? Because we heard
about the H200 chips and licenses for
Nvidia being sold. Also curious to
understand exactly what some of the
people back in Washington DC will say.
Uh we were talking with Eddie Fishman
yesterday who said that the people in
Washington who had to do deal with
national security were very concerned
about Judson Wong joining President
Trump on this ch uh trip. And now I just
wonder if there's going to be sort of a
a push back on both sides as well.
>> Nvidia in the pre-market higher by 1.5%.
Under surveillance this morning some
optimism in Beijing. I want to thank
President Xi my friend for this
magnificent welcome and it really was a
magnificent welcome. We had an extremely
positive and productive conversations.
It is my honor to extend an invitation
to you and Madame Ping to visit us at
the White House this September 24th and
we look forward to it.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
President Donald Trump extending an
invitation to the Chinese president Xi
Jinping. The two leaders participating
in a state banquet following discussing
trade and Iran last night. Emory has the
latest in Beijing. Hey Marie.
>> Hey John. Good morning. What you're
seeing right now is just absolutely warm
ties, optimistic praise Xi Jinping has
regarded in terms of President Trump and
this toast this evening as well as from
President Trump and extending a state
visit to President Xi Jinping. The last
time he was in the United States was in
2023. That was on the sidelines of the
Apex summit. He met with President
Biden, of course, after the whole
debacle with the Chinese spy balloon,
but he hasn't had a state visit since
2015. And of course, this would come as
well ahead of the midterm election. So
potentially a delicate matter for this
White House. But I will say it's almost
shocking to see the showering of praise
and the warm relationship between these
two leaders. Would you have guessed that
more than a year ago a ago we were in
this tit fortat trade war, export
controls, what to do with highly
sensitive AI technological chips, what
was happening in terms of Chinese
purchases of energy and agriculture, the
sky-high tariffs, all of that seems to
be unwinding uh during this summit,
during this trip. Of course, there's a
lot of still questions to be answered.
They're going to have another day
tomorrow. I think top of mind for most
observers is going to be what the
president says about Taiwan. While the
bilateral meeting was happening today,
we had a readout that this was the
biggest issue that Xi Jinping brought up
in the meeting and said if it's
mishandled, it could mean a dangerous
conflict between the United States and
China. When you look at the White House
reading, there was no mention of Taiwan.
>> AMH on the ground in Beijing. Amarie,
thank you. To build on this
conversation, the former senior White
House trade adviser Kelly Shaw writes
the following. We have a long way to go
in terms of navigating the future of
USChina relations. Many of these
conversations will continue well past
September when the two leaders meet
again on US soil. Kellyanne joins us now
for more. Kellyanne, welcome to the
program and Maria's alluded to this a
few times that this leader in China has
taken a more assertive stance on Taiwan
at this meeting. With that in mind, how
sustainable is this more stable phase of
relations between the two countries?
>> Yeah, good morning. I I think this is
the most highly anticipated leadertoleer
conversation of the year. Now certainly
there have been a number of mentions of
Taiwan predominantly on the Chinese side
as part of the readout and this was some
of the fear on the US side going into
this meeting that we might see President
Xi lean on President Trump to get some
sort of concession when it comes to
Taiwan. But what I'll say about she's
comments is this is not unusual. And I
think back to the last phone call that
the two leaders had. The Chinese readout
was almost entirely focused on Taiwan
and weapon sales. It again it is not
unusual for the Chinese to emphasize
this. The US on the other side is
basically not saying anything at all as
part of the formal readout. And then you
had Secretary Rubio just a few moments
ago talking about the fact that the
policy on the US side has not changed.
So, while this will continue to be a
pressure point and it's one that we're
watching very closely, I I don't think
anything has shifted, at least not yet.
>> Let's talk about things that might be
shifting right now. The Chinese leader
talked about China opening more to
trade. We've been talking about that for
ages. The more intriguing part of this
is everyone else shutting the door to
them. We heard from the Treasury
Secretary speaking to the press earlier
on this morning who talked about Chinese
investment and saying this, "What we
want to do is make sure that some of
these investments don't get referred to
CPHAS." Kellyiana, things changing on
that front.
>> Yeah, and this is one of the points that
I was watching the most carefully in
terms of what would come out of this
summit. There have been a lot of talk
about the board of trade and trying to
manage the flow of goods going back and
forth between the two economies, but
there was really not a lot of clarity
about what the investment commitments
would look like and frankly a lot of
concern by US lawmakers, by stakeholders
that the president might allow more
Chinese investment into the United
States. And so I found this comment
really curious as well. Now, to the
extent they are talking about investment
and to the extent they're talking about
the fact that there may be some
transactions where there's really no
national security nexus, they want to
make sure that CPHAS is being used and
calibrated appropriately. Maybe that's
less concerning. But if what we're
talking about is allowing large Chinese
investments into strategic sectors in
the United States, that's going to be
very concerning for the president if he
gets back home to that kind of outcome.
We've also heard that there is some sort
of or at least speculation from the
likes of Julian Emanuel earlier in the
show that there could be some sort of
trade tech for oil technology
investments both into China in the form
of selling chips and possibly China in
the US in favor of some sort of help
with a straight of ramuse. Are you
expecting anything on that front?
So my expectations overall for the
summit were relatively low in terms of
outcomes. I think the administration has
forecasted for weeks not much to see
here. We're enforcing the Busousan deal.
And the fact that uh Jensen Wong was not
included on the initial delegation list
made it seem more likely than not that
export controls would not be part of any
sort of outcome. But of course, it
wouldn't be a G2 summit, a Trump she
summit without a little bit of drama and
some uh surprising deliverables at the
end of this. So, we could see some sort
of broker deal around these things, but
it wasn't part of the formal negotiating
agenda going in. So, I'll also be
curious to see what comes out of of a
potential transaction that way.
>> Right now, how much do you expect China
to reciprocate and come to the United
States on September 24th as a president
has requested or invited?
Yeah, I I think this has been on the
calendar for a while. These two leaders
will likely meet face tof face four
times this year. So, I have uh every
expectation that President Xi will come
to the United States this fall. Um the
two leaders will meet again later in the
year as well. Um this this is a very
robust year in terms of potential
developments, but what I will say is
this is about managing the relationship.
It's about keeping an otherwise rocky
situation as stable as possible. These
two economies are still going in very
different directions, particularly in
strategic sectors. And so having that
leadertoleer touch point keeps the
connectivity, keeps the stability
without this whole thing falling off a
cliff. And I think that's in the
interests of both sides and that's where
both leaders are thinking.
>> Kelly, I'd go one step further. It's in
the interest of the world to make sure
there is never a direct conflict
militarily between these two
superpowers. But we have to face the
reality. The reality is this has been an
adversary that supports adversaries of
the United States including Iran. How do
we tackle that issue this year?
Yeah, I mean Iran, I'm not really
expecting any sort of joint announcement
by President Trump and President Xi on
Iran other than the fact that they are
both seeking some sort of deescalation
and opening of the straight of moves and
something to try to address the energy
costs as well as the ongoing conflict
and and to prevent it from spreading.
Now that said, both sides do have an
interest in deescalation and so I think
that behind the scenes and in non-public
ways, we are going to see some
cooperation come on the back of this. I
I completely agree with you that it is
in the interest of the world to not have
any of this break out into broader
direct conflict and I think that's what
both sides are trying to do in their own
way while continuing to compete on
economic and national security areas
where it matters as well.
>> Kellyanne, always good to see you.
Thanks for catching up with us. The
former senior White House trade adviser
Kellyanne Shaw as we've been having this
discussion Marco Rubio secretary of
state speaking to NBC moments ago saying
we're not asking for China's help on
hummus and that the President Trump and
the leader Xiinping have found common
ground on Iran.
>> Yeah, the common ground being that they
would prefer there not to be any kind of
blockade in the straight of her moose
which is lovely. Whether that actually
results in action, you know, again
remains to be seen. Also, as Kellyanne
said, indicating policies on Taiwan have
not changed. Secretary Rubio going on to
say arm sales to Taiwan were not
prominent in talks with China. Coming up
next on the program, we'll catch up with
Eric Naggerian of UPS as financials
continue to underperform.
Record highs on the S&P 500 and the
NASDAQ as well. Alex and some weight to
that rally up by 0.2% 2% on the S&P on
the NASDAQ up by 0.15 the Russell up by
a muted tenth of 1% in the bond market
the drama the last 24 hours CPI was hot
PPI was much hotter than expected and
yet we moved a basis point in the other
direction on twos which is interesting
very very briefly breaching 4% then
dropping back down again this morning by
a few basis points 39584
a market that looks at that data
acknowledges that not all of it will get
passed through to PCE But ultimately the
bar to hiking is still very high for the
Federal Reserve. So where have I got
flexibility further out along the curve
30s pushed higher north of 5% still the
curve a lot steeper or fairly steeper.
And now you've got auctions a 30-year
bond auction where we see a fixed rate
of 5% for the first time since ' 07.
It's been a long time.
>> Yeah. So there are a couple of responses
potentially to this. on one hand, a Fed
that could hike, which a lot of people
have written off as an improbable
outcome based on what you just said and
frankly market expectations. The second
thing, the relief valve in the long end.
And then the last thing is if 30-year
bonds are going to sell at such a low
price, high yield, just don't sell them.
And that might be what the Treasury ends
up doing. I will just note Susan
Collins, the Boston Fed president, came
out yesterday and said, uh, more than 5
years of above target inflation has
reduced my patience for looking through
another supply shock. and she said it is
not in her most likely look outlook, but
she could consider a rate hike if this
does persist.
>> I was going through some of the numbers
from the teams on the 30-year bond
auction. The lowest one we've seen, the
lowest fixed rate 125 back in May 2020.
And of course, that particular bond now
trades much, much lower because of how
much higher yields are at the moment.
The note from BMP really got my
attention. I want to go over this quote
again. 5% is not a ceiling. There's a
belief that 5% is somehow a ceiling for
the 30-year. They don't think it is.
They think for yields to stop pushing
hard, we think the Treasury needs to
deliver something clear in the form of
guidance that suggests coupon supply,
the long end will either be explicitly
or implicitly decreased. That's a bit of
pressure on the Treasury, not on the Fed
chair.
>> A lot of people are talking about the
Fed Treasury accord, right? The idea
that the Treasury is going to issue more
and tea bells is going to cast away the
30-year bond because why should you sell
bonds at such a a high coupon that
you've got to pay out that could
potentially supersede some of the
spending plans that the US has? So just
bring that down to the front end, have
the Fed deal with its situation in
certain ways, keep rates where they are
so you lower your borrowing costs and
call it a day. The relief valve, as you
pointed out, is the dollar. And do you
get a much weaker dollar as a result?
Some people say, as uh we were just
talking to Eric Nelson, not much weaker.
Depending on what you're comparing it
to, maybe it's a different story.
>> If they're explicit about that accord
and people latch on to that, you'd have
to believe the dollar would get
hammered.
>> Yeah. Petra,
>> my language hammered. Eric Nelson of
Wells Fargo didn't like that language,
but that would be the theory.
>> Yeah. And versus what? And I think that
that is a key question. Who is the next
power to kind of take on some more
reserve status? China trying to take
that away from Europe, which evidently
is having a bit of issues.
>> Things are somewhat calmer this morning
at least. DXY at about 98 yields a
little bit lower at the long end of the
curve as we count you down to the
opening bound. Nothing calm about these
moves. Some major moves in the
pre-market. Yahara has more. Hey, Yhara.
>> Hi, John. And with this move, Cisco is
set for its biggest post earnings jump
since 2011. The networking giant
delivering a beat and a raise and
announcing that it is cutting thousands
of jobs as it shifts resources toward
AI. This is a company that trailed many
of its peers out of the gate when it
came to the AI boom. though it is now
catching up and it is raising its
forecast when it comes to AI orders from
the hyperscalers from 5 billion to $9
billion next fiscal year. Turning to
Nvidia, it is bucking the rest of the
chip makers which are mostly lower
today. It is up 1.6% on a flurry of
headlines out of Beijing. First you have
President Xi telling business leaders
including Jensen Wong uh that China will
open its door widers to foreign
companies that they have heard that
before and the barriers remain. And then
you have this Reuters report saying that
the US has approved uh the H200 AI chip
so that Chinese firms can now buy it.
But as we know uh the US was never the
problem. It was China and we don't know
whether it has signed off on that. And
we end on shares of Wolf Speed. They are
surging at 3 and 3/4% this morning after
a 16% surge yesterday. Now headed toward
18 toward I'm sorry eight days of gains
and the catalyst coming after the
research firm Catrini uh named this chip
maker as a major beneficiary of the AI
boom as it comes out of bankruptcy. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Remember Catrini all
the worries about that?
>> Yeah, I love the research coming out of
that firm. Well, I still think about
that idea that we're all going to be
without a job and the potential doom
that we all are
>> still haunted by that.
>> I mean, it still is a conversation,
frequent conversation
>> at Kazabrammo around the dinner table.
>> All right, we don't have to go back.
>> Think how many crises we've had so far
this year?
>> We're about to talk about the banks and
I was reading through Eric and Ajarian's
research and I was just thinking,
remember when we were worried about
capping interest rates on credit cards?
Remember that? That was earlier this
year.
>> Oh god. Was that really?
>> Yeah. People were saying don't buy the
banks because these things are on the
table now for the year ahead. Yeah, that
wasn't this year. That was 2001.
>> Feels like 25 years ago.
>> I mean, it just like honestly I don't
understand time right now.
>> On our radar this morning, Xiinping
warning President Trump that mishandling
the Taiwan situation could trigger a
quote collision or even clashes. The
blunt remarks injecting some tension
into an otherwise cordial Beijing
summit. Elsewhere, according to Reuters,
the US reportedly clearing several
Chinese firms to buy Nvidia's H200 chip.
The CEO of Jensen Wong telling us here
at Bloomberg, "The US China summit has
been an incredible opportunity to build
a better partnership between the two
countries." And finally, AI chipmaker
Cerebras will officially hit the public
market today and the largest IP of the
year so far. The company pricing shares
well above expectations at 185, giving
it a market value close to $40 billion.
>> Yeah, raising about $5.5 billion in this
IPO. So, there are a couple of
takeaways. Number one, if you're a
chipmaker, well, it is your time to
shine. And if you want to raise money,
now is your moment. So who else is going
to come to the table to raise money? Is
this setting the tone for SpaceX, for
Open AI, for Anthropic to come later
this year, even as there is some
skepticism about Level's valuations, how
far some of them have gone. I'm thinking
about OpenAI losing some of its clout to
Anthropic. Nonetheless, the fact that
this was seriously overs subscribed put
to bed all the worriers out there saying
that this couldn't get done and really
opened the door to what could get done
later this year. Banks very excited
about the year ahead. Let's talk about
the year ahead for the financials. Eric
Ajarn of UBS writes in the following. We
think big banks could swing firmly back
into favor versus regionals as investors
contemplate the bargain bin following
the sector's historic level of recent
underperformance. Erica joins us now for
more. Erica, good morning. Good to see
you.
>> Morning.
>> Things have changed. Yeah.
>> So, last time we spoke, we were talking
about those kind of issues. We were
talking about the opportunity in the
regionals, maybe not the major players.
What's changed?
>> Iran and inflation, right? the two big
eyes. So obviously higher gas prices is
really, you know, putting like a kink in
terms of the consumer spending that was
supposed to be fueled by these tax
returns and tax refunds. And so that's
clearly an issue. Um, additionally, you
know, the secondary effects are going to
be significant. If you want something
delivered, the transportation costs all
of a sudden the shipping is $13.95,
maybe not free or $9.95. And you know, I
don't know if I want to add to cart if
the shipping's not free. But regardless,
I think that that's going to be an
issue. And obviously, there are fewer
there are no cuts in the curve. There's
a greater probability priced in of a
hike rather than a cut this year. And so
what investors are saying, wait a
minute, for us to have invested in
regional banks, we needed a steep curve
as well. And so again, I think the G
SIBs become the hiding place, especially
since I mean, you just talked about, you
know, a large IPO, especially since the
capital markets construct is still super
robust, even taking into account a very
slow April
>> within the major players then. Does that
make a Goldman or Morgan Stanley a
little bit more compelling on the margin
now?
>> Well, absolutely right. Because they're
um pretty much just to oversimplify it,
they're in the moving business, not the
storage business. And if the concern is
okay, the consumer might be getting
consumer strength might be weakening,
additionally deposits might be more
expensive, then you'd rather be in a
transactionbased business um rather than
a balance sheetbased business. And
that's why even in the ugly days, you
Goldman and Morgan Stanley Goldman more
so they've been like Teflon. They've
just been up there on the screen where
every other bank has been red. even JP
Morgan.
>> Well, do you see this as actually the
likely bifurcation that you want to be
in the moving business rather than the
storage business or do you see some of
the concerns about consumer weakness as
being overblown? I remember the private
credit issues that happened about, you
know, four years ago that have seem to
have evaporated or the idea that
potentially people aren't spending which
will be put to bed in about an hour when
we see the retail sales. I mean, what's
your sense of that?
>> I think that's a great question. I think
the answer is yes, but it's hard to
disprove the negative right now until
you see sort of firmer numbers because
while we'll get the retail sales number
in a little bit, you've also seen some
monthly credit card data that have
implied that May was sort of a weak
month for spend. Now, the banks and the
card companies would argue that this is
just sort of a reallocation of spend.
So, spending more in gas rather than
everything else, but at some point
something will break, right? Um but also
I think some of the concerns over higher
rates and deposits again it's an
opportunity for the other GIS like a JP
Morgan like a wells like of a bank of
America where it they've been sort of
really underperforming Goldman and
Morgan and I think the concerns on the
deposit side and the consumer side at
least for them are overblown. Do you
think that we can consider some of these
banks tech stocks increasingly as they
invest billions and billions of dollars
in different technologies? Potentially
they could start to cut staff. We've
already seen the financial sector
contract in terms of the total uh
overhead. How much is that a tailwind
that people haven't fully priced in?
>> I mean that would be awesome because
that get paid in bank stock. But I think
the answer is unlikely, right?
Here's the thing. um you always have
credit risk as an overhang, right? So
that's always going to cap your
multiple. Secondarily, like Jamie
Diamond always says, and he cops this
from Jeff Bezos, your margin is my
opportunity. And even if they have
improving, you know, cost to income
ratios in one part of the business
because of AI and and technology,
the best managers will invest that
somewhere else. So th this notion that
you get to keep all of the savings and
then get a higher I I'm not you know I
would love to believe that but I don't
think that's going to be the case.
>> Can we put some numbers on it? Rough
estimates look at staff levels now where
do you think they'll be a year from now,
two years, 5 years from now? How do you
think about that trajectory at these big
institutions?
>> So remember we're a regulated industry.
So let's say you can get rid of you know
10% 15% of your call centers. All of a
sudden, utilizing AI in retail requires
you to have more supervisory, more
compliance. And all of a sudden, maybe
you're not replacing headcount one for
one at all, but you're replacing, you
know, call center headcount with
something that's more expensive. You
know, somebody with a license, somebody
that can like um oversee. So, I'm not
sure that this is necessarily going to
be this, oh, in five years there's going
to be 30% less headcount. Now, there
could be 10% less headcount, but I'm not
sure the cost per employee necessarily
comes down.
>> We've been seeing those headlines come
out of some tech firms. I stress some
tech firms. I've always been wondering
where we would see them cross the
Bloomberg with regards to a large
financial and then the next would
follow. The next would follow, but
having this conversation, it doesn't
sound like that moment's very close.
>> My guess is that it might happen, but it
might not be advertised as such, right?
I mean, you already are seeing attrition
and you're starting to see the numbers
of total financial employees tick down.
I believe about 100,000 over the past uh
year or so if you take a look at the BLS
numbers. So clearly there has been
attrition whether this comes as some
sort of wholesale advertised cuts. That
becomes political and so you probably
don't want to do that. But who isn't
being replaced? Which new entrant isn't
going to be trained or isn't going to be
hired full-time? These are some of the
questions that people have been asking.
>> Erica, it's good to see you. It always
is. Thanks for being here. Appreciate
it, Eric Sharon there of UBS on a
financials and a future of these
institutions. Let's give an update on
stories worldwide this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Vonnie Quinn.
Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. President Trump and
China's Chisinping wrapping up comments
at a state banquet in Beijing. Trump
praising their quote extremely positive
and productive conversations emphasizing
his long-standing personal relationship
with the Chinese leader. Trump extending
an invite for she to visit the White
House.
>> I want to thank President Xi. It is my
honor to extend an invitation to you and
Madame Ping to visit us at the White
House this September 24th.
>> The leader is also set to meet in
November and in December.
StubHub share is surging in the
pre-market. The ticketing company
reporting first quarter revenue that
beat Wall Street estimates. StubHub also
saying it's on track to achieve its
fullear guidance as it quote grows
globally and increases profitability
through greater scale.
GameStop CEO Ryan Cohen is planning to
take his takeover offer directly to
eBay's shareholders. The Financial Times
reporting Cohen plans to put the offer
to shareholders soon. The report coming
after his request to meet eBay's board
of directors was rejected. And that's
your Bloomberg brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. More from Vonyie
in about 30 minutes time in the next
hour. Up next on the program, awaiting
the Walsh Fed. It'll be a pretty high
bar for Worsh when he comes in to to
build consensus around the idea of rate
cuts anytime soon.
>> There's only so much of course that
Kevin Worsh can do as chair. He's only
one vote.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Mona
Mahajan of Edward Jones live from New
York City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
We are all inflation and no stack. CPI,
PPI coming in hotter than expected. GDP
growth numbers right now pretty good.
We'll get retail sales in about 40
minutes time. Equity futures on the S&P
500 all-time highs coming into Thursday
morning. higher again by a third of 1%
on the S&P on the NASDAQ up by a quarter
of 1% in the bond market. Things get
more and more interesting. Two is around
4% 395 this morning down by two basis
points. Kevin Walsh stepping up to the
plate under surveillance this morning
awaiting the Walsh Fed.
>> Kevin Worsh was going to inherit an
already difficult position.
>> He's going to want to be cutting
interest rates and the focus on trimming
inflation may not necessarily convince
everybody. It'll be a pretty high bar
for Worsh when he comes in to to build
consensus around the idea of rate cuts
anytime soon.
>> There's only so much of course that
Kevin Worsh can do as chair. He's only
one vote.
>> Here's the latest this morning. The
Senate confirming Kevin Walsh as the
next chair of the Federal Reserve with a
54 to 45 vote, the slimmest confirmation
margin for a head of the US central
bank. Mama Hahajab Edward Jones writing
divisions will make it hard for incoming
chair wars to build consensus for rate
cuts in the near term. M joins us now
for more. Ma, good morning. Good to see
you.
>> Good morning.
>> Assuming he's going to push for those
rate cuts. Do you get the sense he will?
>> You know, look, I think with inflation
coming in as hot as it is, as uh the
labor market and GDP growth coming in
above expectations, as earnings have
been flying, I think the case for a rate
cut here gets tougher and tougher even
for Kevin Worsh Fed. Now, all that being
said, could you make the case that we
are still somewhat restrictive and above
neutral and over time bed funds rate
probably is 3 and a half% or so perhaps,
but I think he's going to have to wait,
be patient, and look for those signals.
>> Is that a problem? Is this a rate cut
dependent bull market? Doesn't feel like
one.
>> Yeah, I I would agree with that. I don't
think it is. In fact, I think we are
doing quite well at 3.75% here. Um, no
problem with earnings or margins.
Certainly no problem with a consumer
that is out there spending corporations
that are out there borrowing as well
>> which raises the question if this is
truly a restrictive policy. Where are we
seeing the restrictiveness?
>> Yeah. And look, I think last year there
were some doubts around the labor
market. We saw some softening. There's
been a reversal in that labor market
this year. Surprisingly so to some. In
fact, um with new jobs created with
unemployment rate hovering around 4.3%.
Uh that labor market story is remaining
intact. If there was a case for a rate
cut, I would say the Fed wants to make
sure they don't see a meaningful
deterioration in that labor market. If
there are any signs of that, that's when
we start to see some movement, I think.
So,
>> what were you doing at 1 p.m. yesterday?
Were you buying some 30-year bonds?
>> I was watching the auction, which was
great.
>> I'm glad. But were you actually buying?
Are you a buyer of them at 5% yields?
>> Look, I think um right here, our range
for a 10-year Treasury for this year has
been four to four and a half percent.
We're very happy that this tenure has
stayed right in that range. As soon as
we hit that 4 and a.5% mark, we see
those buyers come in, we see yields
start to move down. And as soon as we
hit that 4%, we think there's some some
caution there as well. So, uh, we think
that range remains intact. We will say
if we get meaningfully above 4 and a
half% for whatever reason, that
extension of duration makes sense to us.
>> Did you notice that she didn't mention
30 years? She just went straight to 10.
Sort of this one denomination she
doesn't want to touch.
>> Mark, you're not alone, by the way.
There are a lot of people who share that
view.
>> Correct. We saw that yesterday in terms
of the data.
>> Does 450 become a challenge to this
equity market.
>> You know, we think we have to get closer
to 5% to really see that pressure on uh
not only valuations but that softening
in in margins and and earnings
compression as well. So, we're not there
yet.
>> The one complaint we hear about this
equity market is concentration risk and
negative breath. The question we often
ask, is that a feature or a bug? Do you
really want to be outside of the big
winners right now? Do you really want to
shift away from those big names that are
driving massive returns?
>> Yeah, you know, look, those big names
have been the drivers of this earnings
growth. The the 27% we've gotten this
quarter. Uh areas like tech and com
services have been 40 to 50% plus
earnings growth for Q1. Phenomenal
numbers. So those are uh underpinning
the equity market for sure. Uh we always
say, you know, one of the key features
of the US equity market is its ability
to innovate and to house those
innovators. So all the mag 7 are housed
in the US. We're not seeing that
innovation really play out in other
parts of the world. So uh certainly
right now we're hearing more from from
China and emerging markets. That's
another area that we like if you want an
alternative to US technology. But all
that being said, we remain overweight US
large cap midcap and we like parts of
EM.
>> Is that an alternative region or an
alternative style? We asked this
question in the last hour. I think it's
a really important one. Financial news
right now is dominated by people telling
our audience to maybe look outside the
US in other regions but maybe also other
styles because in other regions right
now I can buy Asia but Asian tech
>> what am I buying outside of technology
>> you know it's a great question look we
also like parts of international small
and midcap and part of the reason is one
we do think over time some of the the
productivity gains from AI will spread
to other sectors so whether it's
healthcare financial services,
industrials, and a large part of Europe
is exactly those sectors. And so, uh,
over time, we want to make sure we have
exposure to not only the winners of AI,
but the sectors that'll gain from
productivity.
>> Hold on a second. Are you saying you're
overweight Europe?
>> Uh, international, small, and mid. We're
underweight, large uh because of the
relative uh probably the innovation
story to be honest. So the person who we
were talking about that with was Paul
Quincy of JP Morgan and he had really a
lot of optimism about the global story
and about diversification in that way.
But he also said that he didn't expect
returns to be as good as they have been
over the past few years. He expected
more of like a 10 to 11% return rather
than last year's 17% return or the year
before the 24% and again the year before
that the similar kind of move. Do you
agree? Do we have to lower expectations
for the types of returns from equities?
Yeah, you know, look broadly um in the
US we've seen three years of double
digit gains and in in Europe and
international the last year and a half
or so um have been outperforming the US
those returns and so it has been a
really nice story. Now do we expect the
pace of gains to continue in that to
that extent? Probably not. We are seeing
however the same earnings story and
earnings rebound we're seeing in the US.
We are seeing it in the rest of the
globe and we're seeing it in in Asia, in
Europe. We're also seeing it in small
and midcap stocks. So there is an
earnings uh reaceleration that is a
tailwind for equities we think in the
next 12 to 18 months. Beyond that we
think there could be a bit of cooling.
>> Paul was talking about European banks.
European banks have been on quite a run.
2023 up 20%, 24 up 26%. Last year
European banks were up by 67%.
They have had a massive move over the
past few years. Yeah, they've gone from
instability to very much stability and
now a question of consolidation as there
is more of an effort to create a greater
buffer against any kind of crisis. The
idea of bottom up uh and looking at
different companies to understand what
can succeed but what Mona is talking
about which is that you're seeing
profits inlect higher around the world
kind of goes counter to the narrative
that we hear from some places which is
that the global growth picture is
deteriorating. So which is it right? Can
you have this kind of recovery at story
if you don't have the participation of
economic data that seems to be
surprising to the downside?
>> I think Samsung and TSMC have offered a
helping hand to to global profits.
>> Well, I would agree with that. And how
much again can you get away from the AI
story? How much is this AI in another
way or told through another side of the
balance sheet?
>> Man, it's good to see you. Absolutely.
Good to catch up. Thanks for being here.
Man of Edward Jones. Coming up on this
program, this is the lineup for the next
hour. We'll catch up with the Fed
Governor Steven Myron, Jonathan Kinsky
of BTIG. He's got some things to say
about the chip rally, why he thinks this
chip rally could reverse and we could
see a 20% decline in the semiconductor
index. We'll talk about that in a
moment. Nita Richardson of ABP joins us
to break down the economic data, retail
sales, jobless claims. Looking forward
to that. We'll hear from Judy Beal as
well. Governor Myron, it's like the exit
interview. His last broadcast
conversation as a governor of the
Federal Reserve. Looking forward to
this. very much so, especially
considering discussions around needs to
change the Federal Reserve and the way
that it operates. Someone who is inside
who has been critical of this
institution, giving his sense of what
needs to change and what he newly
appreciates.
>> Looking forward to catching up with him
in just a moment. Equity futures right
now in the S&P firmer by a third of 1%
higher by 2 on the NASDAQ up by 2 also
on the Russell. From New York City this
morning, good morning. The third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance is up next.
stocks are going to continue to go
higher.
>> Do you want to be in this market? Do you
want to be writing this? Yes.
>> This is still a market with a lot of
cash on the sideline.
>> We're doing our best to enjoy the sort
of nirvana that markets are benefiting.
There is a lot of optimism built into
the market which does create
vulnerability.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz and An
Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg Surveillance starts right now.
Your scores look like this. Equity
futures adding to recent gains up by a
third of 1% on the S&P. Record highs. On
the NASDAQ 100, all-time highs again
this morning on the cards up by 0.2% 2%
in the bond market. New levels for you.
5% on 30s. We're holding on to them,
rejecting 4% on twos. Intriguing. We're
down two basis points even with that
hotter CPI and PPI data through this
week. 39563 on a 2-year heading into
more economic data later this morning.
8:30 Eastern time. We will get jobless
claims and retail sales.
>> Yeah. How much is the consumer strong
enough to maintain the inflationary
pressure that we've seen in CPI and PPI?
One of the reasons why maybe we're
seeing the bond market take a breather
at the front end of the yield curve is
because even hawkish Fed members have
come out recently and said their base
case is just to remain on hold for a
longer period of time not to hike rates.
So even Susan Collins who comes out and
says essentially don't fool me again
with another supply shock says this is
the reason why I'm not going to cut
rates anytime soon. So people seem to be
taking the chance of a rate hike a
little bit off the table.
>> The bar is a lot higher than people
think for that rate hike. And I think
that's been reinforced by some of the
communication we've had from Fed Federal
Reserve officials so far. As for the
data at 8:30 Eastern time, I said all
flation, no stack. We talked about the
worries of stackflation. We've had the
flation. What about the stack? These
consumers, based on the credit card data
we've seen from Bank of America, they're
still spending.
>> Yeah. And particularly at the upper
level of the income sphere, this is a
reason why some people would have said
if we hadn't had the oil price shock,
this would have been a boom economy. You
would have seen real growth. you've
started to see the employment market
pick up. There is one little fly in the
ointment which is that the May credit
card data has shown a softening.
Consumer sentiment has softened. There
are signs that maybe around the margins
you are seeing a bit of the stag just
it's overwhelmed by the AI inflation and
the AI growth that seems to kind of
knock that out of the picture.
>> That data moments away 8:30 Eastern
time. Coming up this hour, we'll catch
up with Fed Governor Steven Min with an
uncertain path ahead for interest rates.
Jonathan Krinsky of BTIG on the risk of
a massive pullback in tech stocks and
Nita Richardson of ADP reacting to the
latest read on the US consumer. We begin
this hour with stocks adding to record
highs at a pivotal moment for the
Federal Reserve. Rising inflation
complicating the rate outlook as a new
regime takes hold at the top of the
central bank tomorrow. Joining us now in
his final broadcast interview is a
member of the Federal Reserve Board of
Governors, Steven Min. Governor Marin,
good to see you, sir.
>> Good to see you. Thanks for having me
back. We've got a moment to step back
and sort of reflect on your experience
at this institution. We talked lots
about how you've been received
externally. Can we just start with how
you've been received internally over the
last few months?
>> Sure. This has actually been one of the
biggest surprises. You know, given what
all the drama at the beginning, I've
been received internally, I think, very
very politely, very cordially, and very
kindly. And I think folks have largely
um enjoyed some of the some of the
intellectual conversations, some of the
challenges that I've I've leveled
against some of the ways that there had
been thinking beforehand. And I think
that the the overall response has been,
you know, very welcoming and very kind
and that's one of the things that I'm
most grateful for.
>> What are the kind of ideas that have
been received well that are shaping
debates right now that will linger and
continue beyond your departure?
>> Yeah, sure. So, one, you know, so an
example of one of those things is is the
importance of regulations for
determining the supply side of the
economy. I mean, we spend a lot of time,
you know, out in the financial world,
out in policy, discussing the effects of
a 33 versus 35% marginal tax rate, but
the truth is that regulations are often
infinite taxes. And being told you're
not allowed to do something versus you
are allowed to do something is a very
very strong difference. And this had
played a very small role in a lot of the
modeling discussions happening at the
Fed in a lot of the outlooks uh that I
sort of that I heard people present. and
I came in and and really hammered that
idea and I think sort of moved it
forward and now a lot of people talk
about it very often internally and
externally and you know sort of talk a
lot about supply shocks. This is a
positive supply shock that is unfolding
and continues to unfold and will I hope
mitigate some of the negative supply
shocks we we also get hit by.
>> Let's talk about another supply shock
and I think it's been central to some of
the arguments you've made on the
committee and that's population growth.
The negative population growth that
we've seen which has lowered the break
even rate for the labor market and
contributed to arguments in some places
for hotter stickier inflation. You've
taken the other side of that. Can you
just explain that for us? Yeah. So I
think this is a really subtle issue with
a lot of moving parts. Now at a very
high level, what I would say
historically is that we've seen a lot of
countries in different places have
declines in population growth rates and
stagnant populations or shrinking
populations. And I think the cross
country and historical evidence is that
it's unambiguously disinflationary or
even eventually deflationary. Um now
there's a few there's a few ways that
that works. One is by reducing there
sorry there's a few consequences of of
lower population growth. One is it does
reduce the break even in uh payroll
growth rate. So the number of jobs you
need to create every month to hold the
unemployment rate constant. That does
come down. That's a mildly hawkish
implication because it means you
shouldn't get so concerned about very
very low job creation rates. However,
there's also there's also dovish
implications as well which are that it
lowers the neutral rate. It brings
interest rates down over time and we've
sort of seen that across countries and
historically you know historically to be
the case. And it's also disinflationary
through longived capital and and and
consumer goods. And if you think about
something like housing, right, the
supply of houses is relatively fixed in
the short run. And if you throw millions
of new people into an economy, you're
going to drive up the price of rents
because they need places to live, right?
You're going to create inflation. And
that inflation is very, very persistent
because of the way that housing
inflation is calculated. It's very, very
sticky. If you have declining population
growth, you don't need as much you don't
need as much home price growth. And that
very inflationary tailwind gets taken
away. and be and ceases to be a major
driver of inflation. And I think you
sort of you've been seeing that start to
play out in the data. Market rents in
this country have been growing at a 1%
rate for the last few years. This is one
of the biggest components of the
inflation indices. And I think you're
going to continue seeing measured
measured PCE and CPI rents and measured
PC and CPI shelter inflation continue to
converge down to those very low levels.
So I think there's one hawkish
implication which is the lower break
even payroll rate but there's also some
very delvish implications which it
reduces the neutral rate and it brings
down inflation through some of these
longived capital and investment goods.
>> This is a longer term structure for how
to think about inflation and the
benchmark rate of the Federal Reserve
and how it sort of uh it works with the
sort of long-term inflation rate.
Near-term though, one thing that you've
been known for, a hallmark of your time
on the Fed, was that you voted to cut
rates at least once at every single
meeting. Do you think that that still
holds even though in the short term it
does seem like the inflationary shock is
overwhelming potential structural
changes that could lead to disinflation?
>> I do. And and I and I think I think this
is I think this is maybe one of the
biggest differences between me and a lot
of other folks is that I take very
seriously the idea of monetary policy
lacks very very seriously. Monetary
policy doesn't hit the economy right
now. If we changed interest rates today,
it wouldn't flow through into the
economy until 12 to 18 months from now.
Right now there's some disagreement over
exactly how long those lags are, but I
think 12 to 18 is is the consensus view.
And therefore, for any shock that's
hitting the economy today, you can't
think about what the effect in the next
few months is. You need to think about
what the effect in the next 12 to 18
months is. And sorry, the effect 12 to
18 months out. So if oil goes higher,
it's a supply shock. Straits of Hormuz
are closed, right? That's going to boost
the oil price today. And with it a bunch
of other stuff that's very tightly tied
to energy prices like airfares, right?
That's going to go higher very quickly
within the course of a few months. And
we've been living through that. And that
is very real, right? There's no way that
that is very real inflation. But it is
not inflation that monetary policy can
affect. monetary policy can affect 12 to
18 months from now. So, there's got to
be a reason that you think airfares and
oil prices are going to be moving higher
in the summer of 2027 and the fall of in
the fall of 2027, not the summer and
fall of 2026. And so, it's those lags
that really should be driving where you
think about forward-looking monetary
policy should be. And that's a lot of
what I've tried to hone into when
thinking about population growth and
deregulation and saying that the
traditional view that we should look
through in oil shock should prevail.
This is very, you know, vanilla basic
sort of traditional monetary policy.
>> Part of the problem is that the market
doesn't agree, at least not in terms of
where longerdated bonds are trading and
where yields are shifting, where you see
them shifting higher even as the front
end stays where it is. Do you think that
in this type of environment it's
imperative to have some sort of Fed
Treasury accord akin to what people have
been talking about where the Treasury
steps in to sort of uh influence the
long end while the Fed cuts rates on the
short end.
>> So let me let me address those
separately. So the market not agreeing
is in part a hall of mirrors issue
because if you have if the Fed says
we're very backward-looking and
inflation over the last 12 months is
going to determine policy that affects
12 to 18 months from now. meaning pol,
you know, the economy in 2027 is
affected by data in 2025 in that world,
right? So, it's very, very
backward-looking. If that's how the Fed
communicates that it's setting policy,
then the market is going to start to
reflect that. And so, the market
reflecting a lack of interest rate cuts,
right? Is in part because the Fed is
telling them we're backward-looking,
right? And so, so that that's going to
create a self-reinforcement problem. Now
on the Fed Treasury accord um you know
so first of all you know I I won't be
involved uh in that if it if it happens
but you know I have done some work on
the balance sheet and I do think it is
important that the one of the problems
with having a very large balance sheet
and lots of securities lots of Treasury
securities on the Federal Reserve's
balance sheet is it does start to get
the Fed involved in questions that have
some fiscal implications right if we own
a huge chunk of debt then that means
that we're we're we're impinging on on
decisions that traditionally are the
realm of the fiscal authority. What is
the distribution of public debt uh
public debt that it issues that that's
held by the public. Um and so I do think
it is important that if you have a large
balance sheet, there needs to be there
needs to be, you know, sort of some
clear delineation about who's doing
who's doing what. And to me, these
questions are really murky and they, you
know, they implicate independence to an
extent. And therefore, it's one of the
reasons among many that I would favor
having a smaller balance sheet. How
close do you think the Fed should work
with the Treasury to achieve that? How
closely should the Fed work with the
administration?
>> Yeah. So, so my my view is that the Fed
having a big balance sheet starts to
implicate a lot of those lines and
becomes and becomes problematic. So, the
Fed should strive to have as small a
balance sheet as it can, right, to
achieve its goals and implementation
framework. And if we can sort of improve
that implementation framework and make
it smarter to reduce the minimum size of
the balance sheet that we need, then
that's a great thing. And that was a
major thrust of the paper that I wrote
uh in the spring with Aleandro Barbarino
and Anthony Dirks and and and uh and uh
and Alyssa Anderson and um and so that
was a that was a major thrust of of of
that work that was that was really
important. Now in terms of coordinating
right the Fed should do what it should
do for monetary policy and the Treasury
should do what it should do in terms of
fiscal policy and the level of
coordination should I think should I
think be you know sort of separate right
they should be doing what they what they
want to do for each of their own
priorities however there are times when
there is going to be have when there is
going to have to be that type of
coordination so for example you know
right now we're doing the reserve these
reserve management purchases where we're
we're expanding our balance sheet to
sort of provide minimum level of
reserves into the economy to meet
reserve demand. We're, you know, we're
we're buying treasury bills. We're
letting mortgages continue to mature off
of our balance sheet or replace them
with treasury bills, right? Like in
theory, if we did enough uh, you know,
sort of conversion of our balance sheet
of our existing balance sheet into
treasury bills, we might have be
absorbing all of the supply, right? And
then some. So this is an example of a
time where there would have to be very
tight coordination.
>> We've got an administration right now
very interested in financial markets.
The president often looks at where the
index level is in the equity market.
We've got a Treasury Secretary that used
to trade this stuff. Did you speak to
them in your time at the Federal
Reserve? Did the president ever pick up
the phone and say, "Hey, Steve, what's
happening? Tell me what you're seeing in
the market in the economy."
>> Yeah. So, I spoke to the president when
I go when I went to go resign from the
Council of Economic Advisors. I went to
bring my bring my my recommend sorry, my
resignation letter. Um, but you know, he
doesn't tell me anything. He doesn't
tell the whole world, right? This this
president is very forthright with his
views and he tells journalists all the
time, including Bloomberg journalists
exactly, you know, exactly what's on his
mind about about policy and where and
and where it should be. So, no, I didn't
I I'm not in receipt of any information
that's not that's not public. because
we've t started this conversation by
talking about how you received
internally, externally, I thought
unfairly at times. Basically everything
you said about interest rates and on the
economy was always described as just
doing the president's bidding at the
institution at the Federal Reserve. Did
people see it that way internally when
you put your hand up and said, "I want a
rate cut 25 basis points. I'm
dissenting." Was there a roll of the
eyes? Here we go. This is the
president's guy doing the president's
bidding. Well, thank you. Thank you for
those words. I I do think it's I do
think it's clear that I've disagreed
with with lots of people um on policy on
on lots of times. There have been times
when there have been signals out of the
White House that they wanted policy
rates lower than I had my dots and there
have been times when there's been
signals out of the White House where
they thought that I was too doubbish.
Right? So, for example, the NEC director
after my after my first vote said that
he would have preferred a 25 basis point
cut. Right? So, I clearly do my own
thing and have my views and they're all
I think grounded in very traditional
economics. And we were talking about
population growth before like this is
not new, right? Like 6 years ago we all
would have been talking about is
everybody becoming Japan? You know that
would have come up several times a week,
right? Like none of this is new. None of
this is is is heterodox economics. None
of this sort of says we need to just
discard with the entire framework. It's
all within the traditional framework. Um
and this is part of why I think the
reception internally has been has been
generally pretty good is because I'm
engaging with folks on on on their
ground, right? like I'm I'm within the
world of normal economics and we're
talking about what drives the interest
rate and does pop the neutral interest
rate and does population growth drive it
and is it inflationary or or
disinflationary? This is all well within
sort of normal
>> we're trying to figure out what kind of
an institution Kevin Walsh is walking
into how he'll be treated how difficult
will be to get people on his side as he
starts to think about changing this
institution particularly when the former
Fed chair will be sitting there as a
governor on the board of governors. Can
you help us understand that from a man
inside the building what that might look
like in the next few months?
>> Yeah. So, I think one thing that's
important to understand is that people
at the Fed are responsive to arguments.
Um, and as I said before, you know, I've
been hammering deregulation among other
things since the day I got there. And,
you know, they start to respond, but it
takes time, right? You know, it's it's
it's a it's a it's a bit of a slowmoving
um slowmoving process.
>> How will being there make it harder?
Uh well um you know I I don't I don't
know about I don't know about that. Um
you know certainly uh Chairman Powell
built a lot of the institutions and
processes that exist that exist there
and so you know so so that dynamic may
you know sort of may may play into it. I
don't know. Um but that'll be an issue
for for for chairman designate Walsh to
to deal with when he gets there.
>> When when you heard the chairman in the
news conference present to the press and
to the world that he was staying gone as
a governor. Was that the first time you
heard of it or did he tell the board of
governors ahead of time that that was
his plan?
>> Uh, no. He didn't he didn't tell me
ahead of time that that was his plan,
but he he'd always said that, you know,
publicly and and privately there's
something that something he might do.
And so it wasn't it wasn't entirely a
surprise.
>> What was your reaction to it?
Uh, you know, look, my reaction to that
is is that when I was the incoming
chairman of the Council of Economic
Advisors last year, um, I was very
grateful to the previous chairman, Jared
Bernstein, for spending time with me on
the phone, being very generous with his
time, several hours over over over days
and and weeks, giving me advice for how
to be a good CEO chairman. And I really
appreciated that. And sort of how does
the place run and what, you know, what
are your responsibilities and and how do
you do a good job? And I thought that
was that was that was really generous of
him. And I was really appreciative of
that. And then I went out of my way to
make sure they very quickly put his
portrait on the wall of former CEA
chairman in in in the offices in the
Eisenhower building. Um you know it's to
make sure that happened that happened
quickly without delay and and I was
really grateful. So look transitions are
important and I think that you know it
is maybe helpful to have someone there
to give advice. Here's how to be an
effective chairman. Here's how to lead
the committee. Here's you know here's
how the building works. It may be a
little bit different than it was 20
years ago, right? Um, I think that can
be helpful, but I still think it's
important that it be a transition
because you want to have people's
loyalties undivided. You want to have
there be very clearly one chairman. You
want to have a place where there's no
question about no question about who's
in charge and there's no talk of rival
factions and things being split. I think
you want to have you want to have a
sense of of unonymity and and and
clarity. And so transitions are
important and I think it can be helpful
to have to have help in transition, but
I still think it's important that it it
it is a transition.
>> Stephen, it's good to see you. Thank you
for being here. You know, I just wanted
to finish on this. I think a lot of
people might describe your tenure at the
Federal Reserve as somewhat
controversial. I I see it completely
differently. I I've seen this play out
now over a number of months, and I've
said this repeatedly. You've had
energized debate at the FOMC that
spilled out publicly in a way that we
haven't seen in a long, long time, if
ever, at the Federal Reserve, where
people are being much more opinionated
about where we are in this moment. And
the one complaint, the consistent
complaint I've had about the Federal
Reserve is one that you've had too,
which is the group think. And it's very
very difficult right now to describe
this committee and that anyone working
at the Federal Reserve as part of group
think right now because everyone's
expressing themselves in a a much newer,
fresh, more welcoming way.
>> Yeah, it seems like right now no one
could accuse uh this committee of group
think given how fractured it is and
frankly all of the commentary coming
out. So over to you Kevin Worsh to come
in and have that debate.
>> Best of luck, Steve. Good to see you.
Appreciate it. Steven Marin there. Fed
Governor Steven Marin. Let's give you an
update on news worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Vonnie Quinn has more.
Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. President Trump and
Chinese Premier Xiinping delivering
remarks at their state banquet in
Beijing. Trump praising their quote
extremely positive and productive
conversations emphasizing his
long-standing personal relationship with
the Chinese leader. Trump extending an
invite for she to visit the White House
in September.
United Airlines expanding its service to
Japan, launching non-stop flights from
the US to the northern Japanese city of
Saporro, as well as new non-stop flights
between Chicago and Tokyo. The flights
are expected to operate on Boeing's 787
Dreamliner.
UK health secretary West Streeting
stepping down in the last few minutes
from his post, paving the way now for
him to launch a bid to replace Prime
Minister Kier Starmer. Starmer's former
number two, Angela Rmmer, also
indicating she's preparing a bid to
leave the party. And that is your
Bloomberg brief, John.
>> Hey Bonnie, thank you. Appreciate it. Up
next, we'll get you some morning calls.
Plus, Jonathan Krinsky of BTIG on how
tech could see a major reversal. That
conversation up next
session highs, equities up a third of 1%
on the S&P. That is the price action.
Here is your morning calls. First up,
Wells Fargo raising its price target on
Cisco, expecting more upside in 27. City
raising its price target on Dell,
highlighting the AI buildout as boosting
server demand. And finally, Evercore
raising its price target on Apple
predicting earnings and free cash flow
to grow a stock up in the pre-market.
Let's talk about tech and tech optimism
driving stocks to fresh record highs.
Jonathan Krinsky of BTIG writing, "We
will see an equal and opposite reaction
to the parabolic advance we've seen in
tech over the last few weeks, which
would mean another 20% lower." Jonathan
joins us now for more. Jonathan, welcome
to the program, 20% lower. And as you've
pointed out in your research, that's all
it would take just to get back to the
50-day moving average. Jonathan,
>> hey, Jonathan. Yeah, I think it's uh
just goes to show how far we've come um
you know specifically in in the tech AI
semi-trade and uh as you mentioned yeah
a pullback to the 50-day is pretty
normal in uh even strong uptrends and
that just shows again how extreme the
move has been. So I think there is
pretty significant unwind risk um in in
this one pocket of the market.
>> I guess what the push back would be
Jonathan is that just because it looks
parabolic doesn't mean it's not
justified. just because it looks like
some of the previous charts doesn't mean
that it's the same based on some of the
profits and earnings. What would be a
catalyst to this type of reversal?
>> Well, again, I think that's an important
part of the conversation, but that's why
we're saying it's, you know, if you if
you think about the analogies to the
late 90s, the end result of that was the
Socks index and the NASDAQ, it's 100 uh
ended up down 80 85% from their highs.
We don't think we're seeing anything
like that. So I think you can still have
a very strong fundamental backdrop. Uh
and as I said, you know, pulling back to
the 50-day is well within the confines
of of even a strong fundamental and
technical uptrend. It's just gone um
gotten so extended and you know, there's
there's numerous ways to measure that.
Uh but yeah, it's it's a bit uh it's a
bit much by our work here.
>> What do you see, Jonathan, in terms of
people who are actually starting to
hedge against the probability or the
possibility of that type of downturn?
Yeah, I mean you're starting to see a
volup spot up dynamic within the semis.
Uh if you look at there's a VIX for the
SMH ETF and then recently closed the
highest level since March when the semis
were actually moving lower. So you know
typically in equities you get u the the
underlying moving lower as moves higher.
But in certain situations when you get
kind of these parabolic moves and people
chase for they're actually chasing for
the upside more than downside. Right. So
I think that's what uh is the concern at
this point is um we're seeing more you
know fear of missing on the upside than
the downside and um you're seeing that
in the options market you're seeing that
in the volumes and ETFs whether it's the
inverse ETFs or the leverage ETFs you're
seeing a lot of uh extreme volume at the
highs which again can indicate an
inflection point
>> John another way of looking at this is
that the moving averages were depressed
by the shock in the Middle East and that
actually some of these names are
catching up to fundamentals not
detaching from them when you look at
these moves yes they are parabolic
they're massive particularly over the
last month together with the
concentration. Is there a way that you
look at this and say you know what this
could resolve in a bullish fashion?
So that you know that's that's the big
argument. Um I think the conversation
that we've been talking about has in
recent weeks moved from okay how
stretched are the semis how much further
upside is there in those to why can't
the rest of the the market rally despite
what the semis are doing. And you know
there's again there's various ways to
look at this. If we just look at sector
ETFs, there's only two sector ETFs that
have made a new high in May. That's tech
obviously and REITs. Uh two sectors made
a new high back in March, energy uh and
industrials. But outside of that, you
know, most of the sectors peaked in
January, February. So there's a lot of a
lot of deterioration below the surface.
Um and we just think it's it's going to
be hard for that to to support the index
if tech moves lower.
>> Hey John, I've enjoyed the research.
Appreciate the time. Jonathan Kriskkey
there of BTIG. Something to think about.
Up next, some breaking data, jobless
claims, retail sales, reaction from Nila
Richardson.
Equity futures session highs up by 0.4%.
The opening 60 minutes away. The
economic data 20 seconds away. Up a
third of 1% on the NASDAQ. A really,
really good IPO coming from Cerebras
based on the pricing anyway. some 99
type vibes. When you look at the
earnings coming from Cisco, just
fantastic earnings from them supporting
this equity market. In the bond market,
yields are high. We've had a hot CPI, a
hot PPI, yields at 444 on tents. With
that economic data, let's cross over to
Mike McKe for more. Hey, Mike.
>> Good morning, John. Well, retail sales
uh coming in at about what was forecast,
the advanced headline number up half a
percent. We're still waiting for the
others things to drop. So, I'll point
out that initial jobless claims two uh
ba basically at 211 uh that's up from
199 or revised figure from last week.
Continuing claims 1,782,000.
That's uh up from 1,758,000.
So, no real change going on in the labor
market there. And uh as we wait for the
retail sales figures to slowly come out,
uh import prices up 1.9%, a big jump
there from 9/10 last month, but X
petroleum up only 710. That's still a
strong number. May affect the PCE uh
inflation index, but a lot of that is
gas. Okay, we've got some more numbers
now for the retail sales. Xauto up uh
7/10en of a percent and XA and gas up
510 of a percent. The same story for
retail sales control. That's the one we
really care about. It was up 8/10en, a
revised 810, which is a tenth stronger
than last month. Uh but it drops in the
month of May to month of April to uh
510. So I'll check on the basic
components of all this and uh be back
with you in a minute.
>> Mike, thank you sir. Looking forward to
your coverage of this story. Our
coverage from a market perspective looks
like this. Equity futures still doing
okay on the S&P 500. Not a big move here
on the S&P, the NASDAQ, and the Russell.
Futures still positive going into the
cash open up a third of 1% on the S&P.
Turn to the bond market. Yield's not
moving much on the 10-year or the
30-year. The 2-year down two basis
points. The 10 year down by by two basis
points. That's where we were heading
into this. The 30-year holding on to 5%.
When you look at these figures, it's not
really going to move the story on too
much. These numbers for April for retail
sales, they're good. They're decent.
Slightly better than expected by some
measures. put it together with jobless
claims. That's fine. That's okay. 211 on
jobless claims. It's still a decent
story to tell about the US economy.
>> This isn't the economy falling off a
cliff. It's not necessarily people going
out and spending everything in the bank.
At the same time, the upside surprise,
the consistent upside surprises gives
you a sense of just how okay people are
doing. The idea that not only is it
upside for the control group at 0.5%
versus 0.4%, but the previous month was
revised up to 0.8% from 0.7%. The upward
revisions gives you a sense the
trajectory is higher, not lower. People
are absorbing the costs even if it
doesn't make them feel good.
>> It's not consistent with record low
consumer confidence coming out of you,
Mitch, is it numbers like that?
>> Well, people are worried about gas.
There also is a difference between the
average and the median, right? I mean
this is something else that we keep
talking about because there is a lower
income cohort that is seeing any kind of
gain from either price inc from wage
increases or the one big beautiful bill
completely eroded by higher gasoline
prices that probably is not captured in
this rate uh in terms of retail sales.
It's people who do have discretionary
income that are going out and spending
on clothes and uh Shake Shack burgers.
>> Mike McKisil standing by. He's not
buying Shake Shack burgers. Mike,
they've got way too expensive. We can
talk about that another time. Mike,
you've had a second look at the numbers.
What you see?
>> Well, it is, as we anticipated, a
gasoline story. Sales at gas stations up
2.8%. Remember, retail sales calculated
on a dollar volume basis. If you take
gasoline out of the headline number, the
headline would be a 3/10en gain instead
of a 510 gain. We do see some declines
here. Auto sales uh and parts down
4/10en of a percent. Furniture and home
furnishing stores down 2%. clothing
stores down 1 and a.5% and department
stores down 3.2%. Now, much of that
department store money probably went
into the internet shopping craze.
Non-store retailers up by 1.1%. And
perhaps one of the things that we really
want to look at here, uh, is that food
services and drinking places, which we
always note is a very discretionary
item, were up a strong 610%. So, there
are still people out there spending.
Some of the categories have changed, but
uh for example, food stores still up
8/10en of a percent, groceries up 7/10en
of a percent. Some of that is going to
be inflation, but uh people have not
completely backed off yet, even though
some categories are down.
>> Mike McKe, thank you, sir. Breaking down
the economic data, if you're just
joining us, welcome to the program.
Retail sales coming in slightly hotter
than expected for the month of April.
The control group came in at 0.5%. The
estimate in our survey was 0.4. As for
jobless claims, slightly higher than
expected at 211, but take the 4-week
average. The four-week moving average on
claims is around 204, 204 is incredibly
low. That is good news for this labor
market. That data is okay.
>> Yeah, we aren't seeing anything in terms
of a warning sign from that. I will just
say my big takeaway from this,
electronics are up 1.4% for the April
read, which gives me a sense that it is
no longer discretionary to have an
iPhone or to have some sort of
smartphone. Seriously, I mean, at what
point are people saying that is sort of
a baseline uh purchase along with going
out to eat at different restaurants with
my friends?
>> It's a staple. I agree with you.
>> I just I I mean, I think that that's the
shift, right? Why buy another, you know,
dresser if you can go out and buy an
iPhone?
>> It's a very expensive staple.
>> I know. I'm serious. I actually think
that that's part of it.
>> Nita Richardson of ABP joins us now for
more. Nita, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> We'll avoid that conversation. We'll
talk about the data we just got. Retail
sales and jobless claims. Is the data
doing all right? Is this economy okay?
>> The headline numbers are all okay. Um
you look at those retail sales um
impervious in some in some ways to
recent shocks, impervious to downbeat
sentiment. Uh you have a jobs market
that's still functional, still producing
jobs. Um and you have wage growth that's
still holding its own. The interesting
parts is underneath the surface always.
So going a level deeper, you know, just
how much did energy prices impact retail
sales? That iPhone is now a durable
good, not something we switch out every
two years. So there is some change in
consumer spending. And then you got some
data from the BLS saying that real wages
actually edged down. Um they declined.
And so you put all that together, yeah,
it's a pretty good economy, but that
doesn't mean there's not tensions
underneath. you now the one tension is
real wages the squeeze you're worried
about that
>> yeah and and here's why I'm worried so
when we look at our data at ADP and
we're able to match uh individuals over
time we're seeing a couple things the
first thing we're seeing is very robust
wage growth even when we put uh divided
into the bottom quartile and the top
quartile of income earners wage growth
is robust but here's the rub there is
this widening inequality gap um we are
tracking it in real time last year the
the wealthiest 25% made about 500 times
what the lowest bottom 25% I know you
raised your eye it's a lot this year
it's more like 640%
more so we're seeing this widening gap
and that's an issue because the
wealthier the higher income you are you
start saving you start investing good
for you not so great for the economy
consumers at that bottom end they spend
more and when you don't have that
savings lever and things prices go up,
you start consuming as much and that is
the concern when it comes to wages.
>> This has been the conundrum when we talk
about this all the time. It really is an
increasing issue and you're seeing it
politically, but you're not seeing it in
the overall averages from economic data.
At what point does it become more of a
concern on the averages? Not just a
political problem, but a market problem.
Yeah, wage inequality is really just
it's a long-term drag on economic
potential for the reasons we are not a
savings and investment uh economy. We
are a consumptiondriven economy and if
you have a a a significant portion of
the new jobs, remember a lot of jobs
that are coming on are those low paid
hourly working jobs. So our labor market
is being fueled by low paid jobs right
now. And then you have those very same
people uh who traditionally spend more
out of their income not consuming as
much because of higher energy prices. So
if I could bottle bottle this up in like
a tagline monetary policy is a is really
concerned with core consumers are really
concerned with headline and this wage
inequality hits right at that headline
uh difference in and higher income and
lower income when it comes to spending.
What would help the lower income
consumer more, a rate hike or a rate
cut?
>> That's a great question. Um, if you're
in the bottom quartile, unfortunately,
buying a house is probably not on your
horizon. It's just too expensive now.
So, uh, uh, borrowing money, it would
help with credit card fees. If you're
putting more and more of your
consumption in debt or, uh, that that
would be helpful. Um, but that's not the
way to to increase growth. The way to
increase wages is through productivity
enhancement. So, if you can get an
economy that invests in a way that
creates more jobs and increases wages
and standards of living, that's
wonderful. But will, you know, a couple
basis points downward or a couple rate
cuts actually lead to those changes? It
it it would be hard to see that in real
time.
>> Are we seeing the standard of living
climb for everyone? this whole
conversation and and forgive me for sort
of digressing a bit reminds me of an
address from Margaret Thatcher to
parliament and she went at the the left
wing of parliament at the time and she
talked about the gap between the rich
and the poor and her accusation to
people on the left in parliament at the
time was that the only thing you care
about is making the gap smaller and you
don't care if the poor get poorer. Do
you remember that line from Margaret
Thatcher?
>> Now for me the gap alone is not
concerning so long as everyone's living
standards are improving. So if you see
the upper income cohorts get a lot
richer than lower income, but living
standards for everyone climbs, you've
got an argument to make that maybe we're
moving in the right direction. Is that
happening now? Has that been happening?
>> Actually, you uncovered a tension that I
have because you are seeing really
robust wage growth even at the bottom
quartile. So it's not that uh lower
income people are not seeing their uh
wages increase faster than higher income
people. It's quite the opposite. The
problem is it's still not enough. And
you still continue to see this gap
widening. If the gap stayed the same or
narrowed, there's an argument right in
line with that. But the fact that is
widening is problematic in terms of
economic growth long term.
>> Nina Smart, it's good to see you as
always. Nita Richardson of ADP. The
problem is the price of everything and
the price of everything is too expensive
for many people.
>> And right now, the wage growth you're
seeing at the lower end isn't
compensating for the higher gasoline
costs. In fact, it's eating up any kind
of wage growth. So this is a reason why
you know the question of what would help
them more a rate cut or a rate hike.
What's the bigger tension? Growth not
being fast enough or inflation being too
high and crimping their standard of
living unclear right now and that
ultimately is a tension that Kevin O is
going to have to handle.
>> Equity futures positive in the equity
market going into the open and bound.
Let's get you an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Vonyie Quinn has more. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. So recapping the
data we just got then jobless claims
coming in at 211,000 last week. That's
lower than the estimates for 205,000
claims. Retail sales for the month of
April rose half a percent. That was in
line with expectations, suggesting high
gasoline prices prompted some consumers
to temper spending.
Cisco shares rising in the pre-market.
The company reporting fourth quarter
guidance that topped estimates by nearly
a billion dollars. Cisco also announcing
plans to cut almost 4,000 jobs as part
of a restructuring to focus on AI.
GameStop CEO Ryan Cohen is planning to
take his takeover offer directly to
eBay's shareholders. This according to
reporting from the Financial Times. The
report comes after his request to meet
eBay's board of directors was rejected.
And that is your Bloomberg brief. John,
thank you. Appreciate the update. Up
next on the program, we'll catch up with
Julie Bill of Kane Anderson Runick on
how economic uncertainty could end up
boosting markets. Plus AMH is in Beijing
for the latest on that summit between
the two leaders of the two largest
economies on the planet, President
Xiinping and President Donald Trump.
Equity futures positive here by a third
of 1% on the S&P from New York. This is
Bloomberg surveillance.
Transitions are important and I think
that you know it is maybe helpful to
have someone there to give advice.
Here's how to be an effective chairman.
Here's how to lead the committee. I
still think it's important that it be a
transition because you want to have
people's loyalties undivided. You want
to have there be very clearly one
chairman. You want to have a place where
there's no question about no question
about who's in charge. That was Federal
Reserve Governor Steven Marin in his
fast in his last broadcast interview as
a Federal Reserve Governor on the
situation with Chairman Pal staying on
as a governor alongside incoming Fed
chair Kevin Walsh. Kevin Walsh of course
just confirmed his first day at the
Federal Reserve likely in the next 24
hours. Equity futures right now the S&P
500 firmer by a third of 1% on the
NASDAQ up by a tenth. We're adding to
alltime highs. There are some really
bullish tech stories out there this
morning. Let's get you a few of them
with your morning movers. Yahara has
more. Hi, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. We start with Cisco. Shares
are surging on nearly 15% in the
pre-market. With this jump, it will be
Cisco's biggest post earnings jump since
2011. The company delivering a beat and
a raise and saying that it is cutting
thousands of of jobs in order to shift
resources to AI. And in another bullish
forecast, it is raising its outlook for
AI orders uh from hyperscalers from $5
billion to $9 billion uh in the next
fiscal quarter uh in the next fiscal
year. Meanwhile, we saw clothing sales
uh fall 1.5% in the latest retail
report, but Canada Goose is bucking that
trend. Shares are up 3.8% 8% uh after
the maker of those pricey parkas
delivered a big revenue beats topping
even the most bullish forecast on the
street. And we end on shares of CLA.
They are soaring uh 12.4% in the
pre-market after the buy now pay later
firm swung to a surprise profit last
quarter. Uh a major turnaround from the
nearly $100 million loss it posted a
year ago. the results pointing to a
consumer that's still spending but maybe
leaning more on those installment
payments in order to do so. John
>> Yara, thank you. Appreciate the update.
Some of the challenges in retail right
now, have you seen some of these names?
Nike is down by 33% year to date. Lulu's
down by more than 40% year to date. You
want signs of a challenge right now in
retail. Brutal stuff. Brutal for those
names.
>> Yeah, it seems like right now it's a
sort of shakeddown or shake out, I
should say, of the winners and the
losers, right? You've seen some do very
well. You've seen, for example, Walmart
or Amazon, which have other types of
venues, but Nike get back to running.
Lululemon with a new boss and a question
of how you're going to resurrect a brand
that's come under competition from a
looser trend, not necessarily the skin
tight pants and also a lot of
competition. I mean, these are uh some
specific challenges in addition to the
broader, more stressed consumer.
>> Be aggressive, don't apologize. That
seems to be where success is found in
retail right now. I think an American
Eagle aggressive didn't apologize.
>> Great success off the back of that. Lulu
too apologetic, too nervous about doing
certain things. Nike the same thing.
>> Well, American Eagle and Gap have both
been very uh sort of edgy and embracing
that in different kinds of ways. I think
that Lulu has been beset by a host of
different issues,
see-through issues as well as, you know,
just trend issues. And Nike, of course,
a real question about its strategy, sell
to consumer, sell to sell through some
of these other brands. So, there clearly
are questions. I do think though you're
seeing a bifurcation between the halves
and the have nots within retail as well.
>> Coming to the World Cup, notably not
seen anything from Nike at all. Saw a
great Adidas commercial with Timothy
Shamlet. Fantastic commercial. See
nothing from Nike.
>> See if the next few weeks changes
things.
>> Yeah, maybe they can come up with
arrival or bring Timothy Shalamé on and
have sort of the next segment of that
soap opera.
>> That would be very cool. Let's see if
they make that happen. I doubt they
will. As we count it down to the opening
bell, Julie Bill Anderson Runick
writing, "Inves investors need to be
able to compartmentalize some of the
news, some of the gloom from the main
event, which is earnings growth." Julie
joins us now for more. Julie, welcome.
Earnings growth has been just so
powerful. Do you just want to stick with
it, stick with this bull market?
>> Yeah, I mean, I I think you can stick
with the themes where you have a lot of
confidence that there's long-term
durability to the growth. It's hard to
get super super enthusiastic about some
of these semiconductor names at these
valuations or some of these industrial
companies, especially in small cap that
have some exposure to what we see in the
tech buildout and the data center
buildout, but that generally are kind of
commodity businesses. Those are the ones
that I think we want to skip out on. But
broadly speaking, this level of earnings
growth up and down market cap across
industries, it's really broad. It's
really robust. And it's thanks to no one
in the government. Let's be clear
>> within tech, and I'm not going to take
the bait on that one. Within tech, are
you starting to see a rotation from just
the chip players to others? We've been
talking about just how much Oracle,
Meta, Microsoft have lacked. What needs
to happen there for those names to work?
>> I I think that people need to feel a
little bit more confident that there is
going to be a return on investment of
all of this capex. I think they're going
to stay in the doghouse. And part of
what's really difficult is you have to
separate some of the names where they're
they are generating a real return and
they've expanded and broadened their
business. That's Google. But Meta, I
think people are not satisfied by the
idea that they eat their own cooking.
That the AI is what makes their ad
business stronger. I think that's not
good enough right now for investors.
People want to feel like we're building
real logical businesses on top of this
because right now at the level of spend
that we're at anthropic isn't making any
money. They're bleeding money. So is
open AI. So we know that the way these
large language models are structured,
they're not profitable right now. And I
think people need to feel confident that
they're going to be at some point.
>> Do you think that any potential IPOs
later this year could pose some sort of
headwind to the rally in other tech
stocks that we've seen so far?
>> Yeah, absolutely. I think that you know
for the moment a lot of the excitement
that we've seen in the private markets
for open AI and anthropic is really a
function of the dominance that they have
as these you know preeminent models and
the excitement of the growth that
they're able to deliver. The problem is
is that when those S1s hit and they come
to market people like me grubby little
profit seeking people like me are going
to be upset at the level of spend that
they have without any kind of real
return. So I think that's a real
challenge for these businesses and the
concern that I have is I really hope
that they don't come to market with
these kind of madeup terms for you
remember when we work was
community-based or community adjusted
Ibata. We can't have that. It has to
really be kind of clean financials that
people have a clear path that we're
going to be able to raise rates on these
tokens and earn a real return. It can't
just be endless negative earnings for
the foreseeable future. I wouldn't
describe you as grubby, Judy. I'd never
do that.
>> Judy Beer of Ken Edison Rumnick. Would
you describe Judy as grubby?
>> Oh, of course not. Absolutely not. I
think that was wonderfully said,
wonderfully put, perfectly put together.
>> Programming note a little bit later on
this evening. Look out for this.
Ambassador Grit Jameson Greer of USR on
the situation over in Beijing, China.
Conducting that interview, none other
than Amarie Hordern on the ground in
Beijing. AMH, welcome back to the
program. What are you looking forward to
a little bit later this evening?
I think we want to get some clarity from
Ambassador Greer on exactly what was
discussed between President Trump and Xi
Jinping, especially when it comes to his
portfolio. When it comes to trade
already in maybe a sign of goodwill,
we've already seen Beijing uh have a
number of licenses um now lifted and
granted to have more beef imported into
China. That is definitely a sign of
goodwill. But what else when it comes to
US energy and potentially that Boeing
jet order, what else was discussed in
terms of these purchasing agreements?
And what's the f future more broadly of
this relationship? There's been a lot of
talk leading up to the summit about a
board of trade potentially lessening the
tariffs on both sides when it comes to a
lot of consumer goods worth $30 billion.
So these are a lot of questions for him.
And then of course I think what on top
of everyone's mind is what happened in
terms of the readouts. They are so
different when you look at what the
Chinese express as their main concerns
when it's Taiwan. While the meeting was
still happening, the readout came from
the China side. How they said if this
issue is mishandled, it could mean a
dangerous situation for the bilateral
relationship between Washington and
Beijing. Yet Taiwan wasn't even a mere
mention in terms of the White House
readout.
>> Amory, appreciate your time and looking
forward to your coverage a little bit
later. Get some rest. Amarie Hood over
in Beijing, China, on the summit between
the two leaders of the world's two
largest economies, President Trump and
President Xi. Whenever we get these
readouts, there's always differences.
That's not new. What's interesting about
this to me, and Amarie's talked about it
throughout this morning, was just the
timing of the Chinese release that they
just got ahead of things whilst the
summit was still ongoing and made Taiwan
a big feature of the media coverage
around this event.
>> Yeah. And they've talked before about
Taiwan being a priority for them.
Nonetheless, they came out with notably
strong language saying that this is the
red line. I just want to make a
programming note. Yesterday, Eddie
Fishman came out with the five Bs. I got
this right this time. Beef beans,
Boeing, Blackwell, and Board of Trade
because I'm doing better, John. Uh and
today, Eric and Ajarian came out with
the eyes. Yes, 100%. Iran and inflation.
So, tomorrow I'm excited. You know, it's
sort of the Sesame Streetification of uh
surveillance. We can sort of have
another letter tomorrow that can drive
for
>> a serious way, did I? No, absolutely
not. Come on.
>> Not at all. He was like hopefully No,
please don't. No, that was hilarious. It
was very well well put.
>> Stage is set for another rally. How
things looking? Only up by about a
quarter of 1%, but plenty of bullish
news around tech once again.
>> The idea that Cerebras could come out
with such strong pricing. The idea that
we saw such incredible results from
Cisco. Regardless of some of the
naysayers, the profits continue to be
there. And as a result, people are
looking at this as a haven trade amid
myriad concerns. Whether it's inflation
in Iran or whether it's beef, beans, and
Boeing. Nice and Blackwell.
>> And Blackwell
>> and Bor. There we go. All right. Do
better.
>> God.
>> Coming up tomorrow, Matt Mskin of John
Hancock, Sabatra Jaffer of Sgen, Eron
Mclofflin of the Conference Board, and
Scott Cronin at a city from New York
City this morning. Thank you for
choosing Bloomberg TV. This was
Bloomberg Surveillance.